

Objective: To explore the diagnostic value of serum severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) nucleocapsid (N) protein assay in the early stages of SARS-COV-2 infection.Serum N protein level in SARS-COV-2 infected patients and non-SARS-COV-2 infected population was measured by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) double antibody sandwich assay. Colloidal gold immunochromatography assay was used to detect serum N protein antibodies in the above populations.Fifty cases of SARS-CoV-2 nucleic acid-positive and SARS-CoV-2 antibody-negative patients had a serum N protein positivity rate of 76%. Thirty-seven patients who were positive for serum SARS-CoV-2 antibody after infection had a serum SARS-CoV-2 N protein positivity rate of 2.7%. Serum N protein test results of 633 non-SARS-COV-2 infected patients, including pregnant women, patients with other respiratory infections, and individuals with increased rheumatoid factor were all negative, with serum N protein concentration <10.00 pg/mL at 100% specificity. Using SPSS 19.0 to calculate the receiver operating characteristic curve, the area under the curve was determined to be 0.9756 (95% confidence interval 0.9485-1.000, p < 0.0001), and sensitivity and specificity were 92% (95% confidence interval 81.16-96.85%) and 96.84% (95% confidence interval 95.17-97.15%), respectively. The best CUT-OFF value was 1.850 pg/mL.The measurement of serum SARS-COV-2 N protein has a high diagnostic value for infected patients before the antibody appears and shortens the window period of serological diagnosis. It is recommended that the manufacturer establish two different CUT-OFF values according to the purpose of the application. One CUT-OFF value is used for the diagnosis of clinical SARS-COV-2 infection, and the other is used to screen out as many suspected cases as possible.




Purpose: To describe a case of endogenous endophthalmitis caused by Enterococcus faecalis in a cat. Methods: Complete ophthalmic examination, routine haematology, serum biochemistry, evaluation of haemostasis, serologic tests, cytologic evaluation and bacterial culture of aqueous and vitreous humor, urinalysis, thoracic radiograph, abdominal ultrasonography, echocardiography, and blood culture were performed. Treatment and follow-up are described. Results: A 3-year-old male cat was presented for vision loss, hyperthermia and lethargy. Ophthalmic examination revealed a bilateral panuveitis with increased intraocular pressure on the right eye. Routine haematology, serum biochemistry, evaluation of haemostasis were unremarkable except a slight decrease of red blood cell count. Tests for diagnosis of FIV, FeLV and Feline Enteric Coronavirus were negative. Cytologic evaluation of aqueous and vitreous humor revealed a suppurative inflammation with the presence of numerous cocci. Enterococcus faecalis was identified by bacterial culture of aqueous and vitreous humor. Urinalysis, radiographic examination of the thorax, abdominal ultrasonography, and echocardiography were unremarkable. Blood culture was negative. No primary infectious site was isolated. The cat was treated with oral ampicillin, oral meloxicam, topical 0.3% gentamicin, 0.1% dexamethasone solutions OU and topical brinzolamide, 0.5% timolol maleate solutions OD. Following this treatment, the cat got well and active signs of uveitis decreased. Six months later, ophthalmic examination revealed vision loss associated with sequelae of anterior uveitis OD and retinal degeneration OS. Conclusions: Bacterial endogenous endophthalmitis is an uncommon cause of uveitis in the feline species. This condition should not be ruled out even if a primary infection has not been identified. Support: None.Purpose: To compare the clinical data of 36 cases of keratomycosis, diagnosed in 35 horses between January 2000 and August 2011, with regards to signalment, season, pre-treatment, clinical appearance, surgical and medical treatment, treatment duration and globe survival. Methods: Medical records were screened for keratomycosis in horses, diagnosed by positive cytology or histology. Results: Of the cases reviewed, 31 (86.1%) presented with ulcerative keratitis, 2 (5.55%) showed corneal infiltrates, 2 (5.55%) had a superficial punctate keratitis and 1 (2.8%) a fluorescein-negative plaque. Thirty eyes received medical and surgical treatment, while three eyes were treated medically only. In three cases the globe was removed at the time of first presentation. The type of medical treatment was compared in the 31 cases presenting with ulcerative keratitis. Three horses underwent immediate enucleation, 16 eyes were treated topically with voriconazole or voriconazole/fluconazole and 12 with other antifungal drug combinations. Different medical protocols did not significantly affect the outcome. Comparing gender, age, pre-treatment with antibiotics or steroids, or type of surgical approach in all horses, no significant differences in outcome were seen. In 23 (63.9%) cases the globe was saved, 11 eyes (30.5%) were enucleated and 2 (5.6%) cases resulted in euthanasia. Conclusions: Regarding outcome, no significant differences between different medical treatment protocols or types of surgical approach could be seen. All cases required aggressive medical and/or surgical treatment. Future studies in central Europe should focus on the identification of fungal pathogens, susceptibility patterns and the efficacy of antifungal drug therapies.Purpose: To evaluate repeated measurements with the new Meibometer Ò MB560 (Courage + Khazaka, Cologne, Germany). Methods: For meibometry a sample was taken by contacting an everted eyelid with a special filter paper. This special paper was placed in the Meibometer and read for ten times. Maximum reading expressed in Meibomian Units (MU) was taken as representative for the lipid-concentration of the sample. Study (A) Meibometry of three healthy humans once daily for four days (n 1 = 24 samples). Each sample was read by two investigators (n 2 = 480 readings). Study (B) Meibometry of eleven healthy dogs once daily for ten days by two investigators (n 3 = 220 samples, n 4 = 2200 readings). Each eye was measured by each investigator (Ia, Ib) for 5 days. Data were transferred to PASW statistics version 18 and a paired t-test was used to compare different means. Results: A) There was no significant difference in the maximum reading of the same sample between investigators (P = 0.42). B) The mean of 220 maximums was 166.10 ± 127.37 MU (mean ± SD). In the same eye the maximums differed between the investigators from 0.37% to 182.56%. Conclusions: Once a sample is obtained repeated measurements by the Meibometer Ò MB560 show only small variation. This is an improvement in comparison to the previous MB550. Different samples taken by the same investigator from the same dog and same eye, show a very wide variation. The origin of the insufficient repeatability of the meibometry seems to be the sampling procedure.Purpose: Reasons for reduced tear production in KCS are known to be multiple -and especially in commonly affected canine breeds like the WHWT a genetic influence has been suggested. Therefore, a prospective survey to document ocular symptoms and to evaluate a possible genetic influence was conducted in purebred WHWT. Methods: Of 238 purebred WHWT of different age and gender underwent a standardized ophthalmic exam of the anterior ocular structures obtained by German ESE (European Eye Scheme Examiner) in the years 1998-2006. A pedigree analysis of these dogs was performed. Results: Mean age of the study population was 7 ± 4 years. More females (41% females, 21% female castrated) than males (28% male, 10% male castrated) were examined. The mean age of the KCS group (n = 125, STT < 15 mm/min or above with KCS treatment) was 8 ± 4 years. Significantly more females were affected by KCS (P < 0.05). Predominant ocular symptoms were discharge (60%) and conjunctivitis (60%). Twenty percent of the KCS patients were not treated, 66% were treated. Most common treatment was artificial tear supplementation (58%), antibiotics (30%) and/or ciclosporine A (30%). Despite treatment, the majority of KCS patients still had a STT <7 mm/ min. Preliminary pedigree analysis suggests an influence of the father. Conclusion: Preliminary data of our study are in line with previous studies showing that in the WHWT females and an age >7 years predisposes to clinical signs of KCS. It seems that there is a genetic influence, but more dogs need to be evaluated to unveil the genetic trait. ABSTRACT NO.: 05 Effect of 0.4% oxybuprocaine hydrochloride on corneal sensitivity in normal dogs JY Douet, J Michel and A Regnier Département des Sciences Cliniques, INP/Ecole Nationale Vétérinaire, Université de Toulouse, FrancePurpose: Assess corneal anaesthesia in normal dogs, following single topical application of 0.4% oxybuprocaine hydrochloride. Methods: Of 34 clinically healthy beagles were included in the study. Baseline corneal sensitivity was first measured using a Cochet-Bonnet aesthesiometer to determine corneal touch threshold (CTT). Twenty-two dogs received one drop of 0.4% oxybuprocaïne solution in a randomly assigned eye, while the fellow eye served as control. The 12 remaining dogs also received oxybuprocaine in a randomly assigned eye and a single drop of 1% tetracaine solution in the fellow eye. CTT was measured 1 and 5 min post-treatment, and every 5 min for a period of 75 min. Results: The overall mean baseline CTT prior to topical anaesthesia was 1.5 ± 0.3 cm without any significant differences between different groups of eyes. In the control eyes, CTT did not vary significantly throughout the observation period. Oxybuprocaine-treated eyes showed a statistically significant decrease in CTT from 1 to 55 min post-treatment compared to control eyes. Maximal decrease in corneal sensitivity was observed from 1 to 15 min post-treatment. The decrease in corneal sensitivity was not statistically different for oxybuprocaine-treated and tetracaine-treated groups. The mean hyperemia and chemosis scores were higher for tetracaine than for oxybuprocaine. Conclusions: The decrease in corneal sensitivity induced by topical application of 0.4% oxybuprocaïne observed in this study is comparable with previous reports using other topical anaesthetics in normal dogs. There was no significant difference compared with tetracaïne as measured by aesthesiometry, but oxybuprocaine was better tolerated than tetracaine.ABSTRACT NO.: 06 Diamond burr superficial keratotomy and superficial linear keratotomy for the treatment of spontaneous chronic corneal epithelial defects (SCCEDs) Purpose: To compare the efficacy of diamond burr superficial keratotomy and superficial linear keratotomy for the treatment of spontaneous chronic corneal epithelial defects (SCCEDs). Methods: Between January 2011 and December 2011 109 dogs were presented to the Animal Eye Center in Wiesbaden, Germany with a history of chronic superficial corneal ulceration of up to three months duration. Sixty-two dogs were male (19 castrated) and 47 were females (13 spayed). The age ranged from 10 to 216 months (18 years) with a median of 105.9 months (8.8 years). Thirty-six breeds including mixed breeds were included in the study. All dogs were subjected to a complete ophthalmic examination including -but not limited toslitlamp biomicroscopy and fluorescein. All epithelial defects were treated by dry cotton swab debridement and then randomly assigned to one of two groups. Dogs in group A were treated by diamond burr superficial keratotomy, dogs in group B were treated by further debridement with a curette followed by superficial linear keratotomy. Dogs were treated medically with topical antibiotic therapy and rechecked weekly until fluorescein staining was negative and corneal integrity was restored. Results: All dogs healed within 1-8 weeks (median 2.03 weeks). Dogs in group A healed after a median time of 1.52 weeks (1-5 weeks). Dogs in Group B were Ó 2012 American College of Veterinary Ophthalmologists Veterinary Ophthalmology (2012) 15, 6, E1-E12 ABSTRACT NO.: 10 Dry corneal transplantation in cats A Boikova and A Khakimov Oculus, center of veterinary ophthalmology, St Petersburg, RussiaPurpose: To evaluate the efficacy of dry cornea transplantation in cats. Methods: Dry feline corneas were transplanted in seven cats with penetrating corneal ulcers or sequestra. Donor corneas were collected from euthanized cats. Epithelium was debrided and the corneas placed in a 1:1 solution of gentamycine and NaCl 0.9% for 3 min. They were then placed on top of a container filled with silica gel, and dried for 5 h in room air temperature. Dried corneas were stored in plastic container without preservatives for up to 6 months. Prior to use, they were soaked in a 1:1 gentamycine and NaCl 0.9% solution for 5 min, and transplanted routinely. In one case, the transplantation was combined with a conjunctivoplasty procedure. Results: Follow up time ranged from 3.5 to 11 months. At the time of the last recheck, 6/7 eyes were visual with minimal signs of inflammation. In three eyes, only minor opacification was noted in the transplanted corneas. In another three eyes (including the combined procedure case) the transplanted cornea became densely opaque, but vision was presented through the peripheral, non transplanted cornea which remained transparent. One eye was enucleated due to severe keratitis and panophthalmitis. Conclusion: Cat cornea can be easily harvested, dried and preserved for a long time. Transplantation yielded very good results in cats, with 6/7 eyes retaining vision.Corneal cross-linking in 10 horses Purpose: To monitor effects of corneal collagen cross-linking (CXL) in horses with ulcerative keratitis. Methods: Ten horses, aged 1 month-15 years, with corneal ulcers were treated in this pilot study. Nine horses were presented with deep stromal ulcers and one with a superficial ulcer. Samples for microbiological culturing and cytology were obtained from the ulcers. The horses were sedated with a continuous detomidine infusion, akinesia of the eyelids and topical anaesthesia of the cornea were induced. Isotonic riboflavin eye drops (Medio-cross GmbH, Neudorf, Germany) were instilled every 2 min for 25 min. An UVA-light source emitting 3 mW/cm 2 of 365 nm light (CCL-365; Peschke-Meditrade GmbH, Huenenberg, Switzerland) was used to illuminate the riboflavin-laden area for 30 min. Topical treatment in accordance with results from cultures and cytology and systemic NSAIDs were given postoperatively. Results: CXL could be performed in all 10 horses. Two horses were diagnosed with mycotic, five with bacterial and three with aseptic ulcerative keratitis. The ulcers of eight horses epithelialized after 4-26 days after CXL. During follow-up between 5 and 19 months, no side effects have been observed. One horse with fungal keratitis was enucleated 4 days after treatment due to poor uveitis control. The horse with superficial ulcer did not epithelialize and was then treated surgically. Conclusions: CXL can be performed in standing, sedated horses. Deleterious effects attributed to CXL could not be observed, neither in horses with infectious nor aseptic ulcerative keratitis. Our results warrant further studies of the efficacy of CXL compared to conventional medical treatment. Support: Supported by Peschke Meditrade and the Swedish-Norwegian Foundation for Equine Research.Purpose: To provide a detailed description of the disease phenotype of autosomal recessively inherited open-angle glaucoma in beagle dogs that are unrelated to the closed University of Florida colony. Methods: Two independent lines of beagle dogs with inherited open-angle glaucoma were established. A total of 81 affected and related normal control dogs were evaluated from birth up to 5-years of age. All of the affected dogs were homozygous for the Gly661Arg missense mutation in the metalloproteinase ADAMTS10. In addition to ophthalmic examinations, incl. monthly diurnal IOP measurements, eyes were collected from selected dogs for evaluation of scleral biomechanics and morphology (n = 8) as well as for examination by electron microscopy (n = 4). Results: In affected dogs ocular hypertension typically developed between 1 and 2 years of age with IOPs consistently >25 mmHg. Stretching and tearing of the lens zonules with protrusion of vitreous into the anterior chamber occurred as early as 6 months of age in the affected normotensive eyes. Zonular ligament dysplasia was present as previously reported in terriers and other breeds with hereditary lens luxation. Scleral resistance to deformation under dynamic loading (i.e. complex modulus) as well as dynamic viscosity were significantly lower between in the affected compared to age-matched controls at 5-7 months of age (P < 0.001). Conclusions: Primary abnormalities in the extracellular matrix of lens zonules and sclera of glaucomatous beagles are suspected to be a direct consequence of the ADAMTS10 mutation. These findings are consistent with Weill-Marchesani syndrome, the homologous human condition. Support: E2 a b s t r a c t s Ó 2012 American College of Veterinary Ophthalmologists, Veterinary Ophthalmology, 15, E1-E12 ABSTRACT NO.: 13 Evolution of goniodysgenesis over time in two populations of flatcoated retrievers




SARS-CoV-2, the coronavirus that causes COVID-19, evades the human immune system by capping its RNA. This process protects the viral RNA and is essential for its replication. Multiple viral proteins are involved in this RNA capping process including the nonstructural protein 16 (nsp16) which is an S-adenosyl-L-methionine (SAM)-dependent 2'-O-methyltransferase. Nsp16 is significantly active when in complex with another nonstructural protein, nsp10, which plays a key role in its stability and activity. Here we report the development of a fluorescence polarization (FP)-based RNA displacement assay for nsp10-nsp16 complex in 384-well format with a Z′-Factor of 0.6, suitable for high throughput screening. In this process, we purified the nsp10-nsp16 complex to higher than 95% purity and confirmed its binding to the methyl donor SAM, product of the reaction, SAH, and a common methyltransferase inhibitor, sinefungin using Isothermal Titration Calorimetry (ITC). The assay was further validated by screening a library of 1124 druglike compounds. This assay provides a cost-effective high throughput method for screening nsp10-nsp16 complex for RNA-competitive inhibitors towards developing COVID-19 therapeutics.




The Covid-19 pandemic has spread across the world since the beginning of 2020. Many regions have experienced its effects. The state of South Carolina in the USA has seen cases since early March 2020 and a primary peak in early April 2020. A lockdown was imposed on April 6 th but lifting of restrictions started on April 24 th . The daily case and death data as reported by NCHS (deaths) via the New York Times GitHUB repository have been analyzed and approaches to modeling of the data are presented. Prediction is also considered and the role of asymptomatic transmission is assessed as a latent unobserved effect. Two different time periods are examined and one step prediction is provided.




Carnero have contributed equally to this work.Many long non-coding RNAs (lncRNAs) are expressed in cells but only a few have been well characterized. In these cases, lncRNAs have been shown to be key regulators of several cellular processes. Therefore, there is a great need to understand the function of more lncRNAs and their regulation in response to stimuli. Interferon (IFN) is a key molecule in the cellular antiviral response. IFN binding to its receptor activates transcription of several IFN-stimulated genes (ISGs) that function as potent antivirals. In addition, several ISGs are positive or negative regulators of the IFN pathway. This is essential to ensure a strong antiviral response and a later return of the cell to homeostasis. As the ISGs described to date are coding genes, we sought to determine whether IFN also regulates the expression of long non-coding ISGs. To this aim, we used RNA sequencing to analyze the transcriptome of control and HuH7 cells treated with IFNα2. The results show that IFN-treatment regulates the expression of several unknown non-coding transcripts. We have validated two lncRNAs upregulated after treatment with different doses of type I IFNα2 in different cells or with type III IFNλ. These lncRNAs were also induced by influenza and vesicular stomatitis virus mutants unable to block the IFN response, but not by several wild-type lytic viruses tested.These lncRNA genes were named lncISG15 and lncBST2 as they are located close to ISGs ISG15 and BST2, respectively. Interestingly, inhibition experiments showed that lncBST2 is a positive regulator of BST2. Therefore lncBST2 has been renamed BISPR, from BST2 IFN-stimulated positive regulator. Our results may have therapeutic implications as lncBST2/BISPR, but also lncISG15 and their coding neighbors, are increased in cells infected with hepatitis C virus and in the liver of infected patients. These results allow us to hypothesize that several lncRNAs could be activated by IFN to control the potency of the antiviral IFN response. Citation: Barriocanal M, Carnero E, Segura V and Fortes P (2015) Long non-coding RNA BST2/BISPR is induced by IFN and regulates the expression of the antiviral factor tetherin. Front. Immunol. 5:655.




COVID-19 confronts the education system with a new and massive crisis. What should a ""new normal"" look like for future generations? How can countries use the innovativeness of the recovery period to ""build back better""? This Viewpoint highlights the UNESCO-led Global Coalition for Education initiative, which is seeking solutions to support learners and teachers, as well as governments throughout the recovery process, with a principal focus on inclusion, equity, and gender equality. The Viewpoint also argues that the current crisis is an opportunity for stronger international collaboration, which might provide a better focus and deliver solutions, including digital tools. Resilience and adaptability will be crucial for the next generations to navigate through the present-and any future-pandemic.




Background and objective Coronavirus disease is an ongoing pandemic caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2). Due to the incessant spread of the disease with substantial morbidity and mortality rates, there is an urgent demand for effective therapeutics and vaccines to control and diminish this pandemic. A critical step in the crosstalk between the virus and the host cell is the binding of SARS-CoV-2 spike protein to the angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) receptor present on the surface of the host cells. Hence, inhibition of this interaction could be a promising strategy to combat the SARS-CoV-2 infection. Methods Docking and Molecular Dynamics (MD) simulation studies revealed that designed peptide maintains their secondary structure and provide a highly specific and stable binding (blocking) to SARS-CoV-2. Results We have designed a novel peptide that could inhibit SARS-CoV-2 spike protein interaction with ACE2, thereby blocking the cellular entry of the virus. Conclusion Our findings suggest that computationally developed inhibitory peptide may be developed as an anti-SARS-CoV-2 agent for the treatment of SARS-CoV-2 infection. We further plan to pursue the peptide in cell-based assays and eventually for clinical trials.





SARS-CoV-2 causes the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. ACE2 is the functional receptor for SARS-CoV-2. In our current study, we found that two types of deficient ACE2 isoforms from different mammals would compete with full length ACE2 for association with S protein. One type of ACE2 is a natural soluble isoform, the other type of ACE2 only associates with one loop of RBD of SARS-CoV-2 S protein. Mammals with either type of ACE2 will be deficient in support of SARS-CoV-2 entry. By combining S recognition and isoform analysis of ACE2, we predict that felids, mustelides, hamsters, and sheep are susceptible to SARS-CoV-2, while canids, swines, cattle and goats are not permissive for SARS-CoV-2. Thus, the differential susceptibilities of mammals with SARS-CoV-2 infection could be partially explained by the ACE2 isoform diversity.Our findings will shed important light on predicting the host range of other zoonotic viruses.




Pulmonary edema, a major manifestation of left ventricular heart failure, renal insufficiency, shock, diffuse alveolar damage and lung hypersensitivity states, is a significant medical problem worldwide and can be life-threatening. The proinflammatory cytokine tumor necrosis factor (TNF) has been shown to contribute to the pathogenesis and development of pulmonary edema. However, some recent studies have demonstrated surprisingly that TNF can also promote alveolar fluid reabsorption in vivo and in vitro. This protective effect of the cytokine is mediated by the lectin-like domain of the cytokine, which is spatially distinct from the TNF receptor binding sites. The TIP peptide, a synthetic mimic of the lectinlike domain of TNF, can significantly increase alveolar fluid clearance and improve lung compliance in pulmonary edema models. In this review, we will discuss the dual role of TNF in pulmonary edema. Abbreviations:-tumor necrosis factor (TNF); acute lung injury (ALI); acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS); positive end-expiratory pressure (PEEP);epithelial sodium channel (ENaC);neural precursor cell-expressed developmentally downregulated (gene 4) protein (Nedd4-2);serum and glucocorticoid dependent kinase (Sgk-1);insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1);Protein Kinase C (PKC);reactive oxygen species (ROS);myosin light chain (MLC);pneumolysin (PLY);listeriolysin (LLO);interleukin (IL);bronchoalveolar lavage fluids (BALF);Bacillus Calmette-Guerin (BCG);TNF receptor type 1 (TNF-R1); TNF receptor type 2 (TNF-R2);Keywords TNF; pulmonary edema; cytokine; sodium transport; hyperpermeability; reactive oxygen speciesPulmonary edema, defined as an increase in lung water content, occurs when the rate of fluid movement out of the lung's microvasculature exceeds the capacity of the lymphatics to clear the fluid from the lung's interstitium 1 . Despite much research pulmonary edema remains one of the more common causes for admission to the hospital and intensive care units 2 .





Bacteriophage lambda vectors can transfer their genomes into mammalian cells, resulting in expression of phage-encoded genes. However, this process is inefficient. Experiments were therefore conducted to delineate the rate limiting step(s) involved, using a phage vector that contains a mammalian luciferase reporter gene cassette. The efficiency of phage-mediated gene transfer in mammalian cells was quantitated, in the presence or absence of pharmacologic inhibitors of cell uptake and degradation pathways. Inhibitors of lysosomal proteases and proteasome inhibitors strongly enhanced phage-mediated luciferase expression, suggesting that these pathways contribute to the destruction of intracellular phage particles. In contrast, inhibition of endosome acidification had no effect on phage-mediated gene transfer, presumably because phage lambda is tolerant to extended exposure to low pH. These findings provide insights into the pathways by which phage vectors enter and transduce mammalian cells, and suggest that it may be possible to pharmacologically enhance the efficiency of phage-mediated gene transfer in mammalian cells. Finally, the data also suggest that the proteasome complex may serve as an innate defense mechanism that restricts the infection of mammalian cells by diverse viral agents.




The coronavirus disease 2019 pandemic caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) has infected near 5 million people and led to over 0.3 million deaths. Currently, there is no specific anti-SARS-CoV-2 medication. New drug discovery typically takes more than ten years. Drug repositioning becomes one of the most feasible approaches for combating COVID-19. This work curates the largest available experimental dataset for SARS-CoV-2 or SARS-CoV main protease inhibitors. Based on this dataset, we develop validated machine learning models with relatively low root mean square error to screen 1553 FDA-approved drugs as well as other 7012 investigational or off-market drugs in Drug-Bank. We found that many existing drugs might be potentially potent to SARS-CoV-2. The druggability of many potent SARS-CoV-2 main protease inhibitors is analyzed. This work offers a foundation for further experimental studies of COVID-19 drug repositioning.





Interest in all aspects of health and wellness tourism has been growing in every part of the world. Businesses have responded with aggressive growth in the quantity and diversity of supply offered, especially in NorthAmerica. Yet few countries have systematically assessed their supply and linked it to the changes in motivation and behaviour towards spas, health and wellness in their own population. This article brings together a number of secondary sources as well as research conducted by the author with the leading spa association in Ontario, Canada, in an effort to present an overview of the characteristics of the supply of and demand for spa, and the forces that continue to shape both aspects in that country.





Background: The novel coronavirus disease was first reported in Wuhan, China. The mass population mobility in China during the Spring Festival has been considered a driver to the transmission of COVID-19, but it still needs more empirical discussion. Methods: Based on the panel data from Hubei, China between January 6th and February 6th, 2020, a random effects model was used to estimate the impact of population mobility on the transmission of COVID-19. Stata version 12.0 was used, and p < 0.05 was considered statistically significant. Results: The COVID-19 was more likely to be confirmed within 11-12 days after people moved from Wuhan to 16 other prefecture-level cities in Hubei Province, which suggests a period of 11-12 days from contact to being confirmed. The daily confirmed cases and daily increment in incidence in 16 prefecture-level cities show obvious declines 9-12 days post adaptation of city lockdown at the local level. Conclusion: Population mobility is found to be a driver to the rapid transmission of COVID-19, and the lockdown intervention in local prefecture-level cities of Hubei Province has been an effective strategy to block the COVID-19 epidemic.





In the current and rapidly worsening pandemic, patients with COVID-19 may undergo imaging with FDG PET/CT. Because a significant proportion of infected patients may be asymptomatic, incidental discovery on a PET/CT scan performed for unrelated reasons can occur. Because of the highly infectious nature of this agent, it is important that interpreting physicians be aware of the typical imaging findings to identify potentially affected patients. We present the case of an asymptomatic patient referred for FDG PET/CT imaging of a lung nodule who demonstrated the typical CT findings of COVID-19 infection and was subsequently found to be positive on testing.





Among the proteins encoded by the SARS-CoV-2 RNA, nsP3 (non-structural Protein3) is the largest multi-domain protein.Its role is multifaceted and important for the viral life cycle. Nonetheless, regarding the specific role of each domain there are many aspects of their function that have to be investigated. SARS Unique Domains (SUDs), constitute the nsP3c region of the nsP3, and were observed for the first time in SARS-CoV. Two of them, namely SUD-N (the first SUD) and the SUD-M (sequential to SUD-N), exhibit structural homology with nsP3b (""X"" or macro domain); indeed all of them are folded in a three-layer α/β/α sandwich. On the contrary, they do not exhibit functional similarities, like ADP-ribose binding properties and ADP-ribose hydrolase activity. There are reports that suggest that these two SUDs may exhibit a binding selectivity towards G-oligonucleotides, a feature which may contribute to the characterization of their role in the formation of the replication/transcription viral complex (RTC) and of the interaction of various viral ""components"" with the host cell. While the structures of these domains of SARS-CoV-2 have not been determined yet, SUDs interaction with oligonucleotides and/or RNA molecules may provide a platform for drug discovery. Here, we report the almost complete NMR backbone and sidechain resonance assignment ( 1 H, 13 C, 15 N) of SARS-CoV-2 SUD-N protein, and the NMR chemical shift-based prediction of the secondary structure elements. These data may be exploited for its 3D structure determination and the screening of chemical compounds libraries, which may alter SUD-N function.





Female mosquitoes need a blood meal to reproduce, and in obtaining this essential nutrient they transmit deadly pathogens. Although crucial for the spread of mosquito-borne diseases, blood feeding remains poorly understood due to technological limitations. Indeed, studies often expose human subjects to assess biting behavior. Here, we present the biteOscope, a device that attracts mosquitoes to a host mimic which they bite to obtain an artificial blood meal. The host mimic is transparent, allowing high-resolution imaging of the feeding mosquito. Using machine learning, we extract detailed behavioral statistics describing the locomotion, pose, biting, and feeding dynamics of Aedes aegypti, Aedes albopictus, Anopheles stephensi, and Anopheles coluzzii. In addition to characterizing behavioral patterns, we discover that the common insect repellent DEET repels Anopheles coluzzii upon contact with their legs. The biteOscope provides a new perspective on mosquito blood feeding, enabling the high-throughput quantitative characterization of this lethal behavior.Hol et al. eLife 2020;9:e56829.




The last decades have been characterized by the appearance of a substantial number of newly recognized or novel infectious agents and by the re-emergence of infectious diseases with a global impact. The objective of this article is to briefly describe the model of hospital response for early diagnosis and prompt management of patients with highly contagious infectious diseases. We reviewed the main components of hospital preparedness in response to clustering of highly contagious diseases. A model for the initial hospital response to an epidemic in our referral Institute is discussed. Prompt recognition and identification is the initial and indispensable step in facing any communicable diseases, regardless of whether it is a prevalent, a newly emerging one or deliberately released. The importance of developing and implementing nontraditional methods of public health surveillance and a system that allows a wide and immediate dissemination of information and exchange of views on risk assessment and risk management are highlighted. Case identification and laboratory capabilities and isolation procedures are the essential components for an initial hospital response. The recent bioterrorist events and the worldwide outbreaks of highly contagious infectious diseases have evidenced the need for institutional preparedness at each hospital and for identification of referral centers for patient isolation and of laboratories with adequate capabilities. Moreover, hospitals should develop a plan for coordinating all hospital components to respond to critical situations deriving from the admission of patients with highly contagious infectious diseases. Ć 2005 IMSS. Published by Elsevier Inc.




Journal Pre-proof J o u r n a l P r e -p r o o f 2 / 23The traditional drug discovery focuses on identifying direct inhibitors of target proteins. This approach typically relies on a specific measurable biochemical readout and amenable binding sites of which the occupancy directly influences the target protein's function. These requirements preclude many disease-causing proteins from being ""druggable"" targets, and these proteins are categorized as ""undruggable"". The proteolysis-targeting chimera (PROTAC) technology provides powerful tools to degrade these ""undruggable"" targets and has become a promising approach for drug discovery. However, the PROTAC technology may have limitations and emerging new degrader technologies may greatly broaden the spectrum of targets that could be selectively degraded by harnessing another major degradation pathway in cells. Here we review a few key emerging technologies that exploit the lysosomal degradation pathway and discuss their potential applications as well as limitations.Journal Pre-proof J o u r n a l P r e -p r o o f 3 / 23




The CD200R1:CD200 axis is traditionally considered to limit tissue inflammation by down-regulating pro-inflammatory signaling in myeloid cells bearing the receptor. We generated CD200R1 2/2 mice and employed them to explore both the role of CD200R1 in regulating macrophage signaling via TLR2 as well as the host response to an in vivo, TLR2-dependent model, herpes simplex virus 1 (HSV-1) infection. CD200R1 2/2 peritoneal macrophages demonstrated a 70-75% decrease in the generation of IL-6 and CCL5 (Rantes) in response to the TLR2 agonist Pam 2 CSK 4 and to HSV-1. CD200R1 2/2 macrophages could neither up-regulate the expression of TLR2, nor assemble a functional inflammasome in response to HSV-1. CD200R1 2/2 mice were protected from HSV-1 infection and exhibited dysfunctional TLR2 signaling. Finally, both CD200R1 2/2 mice and CD200R1 2/2 fibroblasts and macrophages showed a markedly reduced ability to support HSV-1 replication. In summary, our data demonstrate an unanticipated and novel requirement for CD200R1 in ''licensing'' proinflammatory functions of TLR2 and in limiting viral replication that are supported by ex vivo and in vivo evidence.





I complete my tenure as editor in chief in January 2021, and here I bring to you the last editorial of my tenure. I have enjoyed every moment of this long association with the journal. I have done my best to improve the quality of this journal in terms of readership, citations, visibility, academic recognition, promoting good quality research and publications. Many new changes were brought in during my tenure including the publishing e-book of our journal which has furthered the go green initiative of FOGSI.Keywords Editor in chief · Signing off I present a brief account of journal functioning and graph of the growth of the journal over last three years before I bid adieu to this prestigious post with a heavy heart.




trauma-related/non-trauma-related cases; outcome (i.e., discharged, admitted, dead in the ED) of patients, altogether or stratified according to triage class; age classes of the entire ED population. Results. Total ED visits decreased starting from the first days of the outbreak, then exhibiting progressive growth afterwards. COVID suspected cases rapidly increased, whereas non-COVID suspected dropped and remained well below the standard. Trauma-related cases declined, both as ED visits and as hospital admissions. The percentage and absolute number of patients admitted to hospital wards progressively increased, rapidly overwhelming the number of cases that could be discharged. The admission rate in the lowest priority classes also displayed a marked increase. The youngest age classes dramatically declined, whilst the oldest progressively increased, remaining considerably over the standard rate of the local ED. Conclusions. The COVID-19 pandemic has obliged the health care systems to undergo a paradigm shift. Even triage criteria have partially lost their meaning, as shown by the dramatic increase of hospital admissions, even in the lowest priority classes. A deep re-organizational process of the ED was undertaken. Hospitals must be constantly resilient and prepared to these new emergencies in terms of equipment, medical and nurses staff, larger bed capacity in short time, availability of intensive and sub-intensive beds, and flexibility. (www.actabiomedica.it)




Objectives-To examine the role of HRV in infant respiratory illness, and assess viral and host risk factors for HRV disease severity.Methods-We utilized a prospective cohort of term, previously healthy infants enrolled during an inpatient or outpatient visit for acute upper or lower respiratory illness during fall-spring months 2004-2008. Illness severity was determined using an ordinal bronchiolitis severity score with higher scores indicating more severe disease. HRV was identified by real-time RT-PCR. The VP4/VP2 region from HRV positive specimens was sequenced to determine species.Results-Of 630 infants with bronchiolitis or URI, 162 (26%) had HRV; HRV was associated with 18% of bronchiolitis and 47% of URI. Among infants with HRV, 104 (64%) had HRV alone. Host factors associated with more severe HRV illness included maternal and family history of atopy (median score 3.5, IQR [1.0-7.8] vs. 2.0 [1.0-5.2], and 3.5 [1.0-7.5] vs.2.0 [0-4.0]). In adjusted analyses maternal history of atopy conferred an increase in risk for more severe HRV bronchiolitis (OR=2.39, 95% CI:1.14-4.99, p=0.02). In a similar model, maternal asthma was also associated with greater HRV bronchiolitis severity (OR=2.49, 95% CI: 1.10-5.67, p=0.03). Among HRV, 35% were HRVA, 6% HRVB, and 30% HRVC. Phone: 615-936-1010 Facsimile: 615-936-1269. Publisher's Disclaimer: This is a PDF file of an unedited manuscript that has been accepted for publication. As a service to our customers we are providing this early version of the manuscript. The manuscript will undergo copyediting, typesetting, and review of the resulting proof before it is published in its final citable form. Please note that during the production process errors may be discovered which could affect the content, and all legal disclaimers that apply to the journal pertain.Clinical Implications: Maternal atopy is a risk factor for severe rhinovirus illness in infants, suggesting that there are underlying susceptibility factors for HRV illness severity that are strongly linked with asthma susceptibility.Capsule Summary: Human rhinoviruses were frequently detected in previously healthy term infants with bronchiolitis and upper respiratory illness. In infants with rhinovirus, maternal atopy was a risk factor for greater disease severity.Conclusion-HRV was a frequent cause of bronchiolitis and URI among previously healthy term infants requiring hospitalization or unscheduled outpatient visits. Substantial genetic diversity was seen amongst the HRV, and predominant groups varied by season and year. Host factors including maternal atopy were associated with more severe infant HRV illness.* Bronchiolitis severity score: ordinal scale that incorporates admission information on respiratory rate, flaring or retractions, room air oxygen saturation and wheezing, into a score ranging from 0 to 12 (12 most severe) 9, 10 ** p-value reflects comparison of all groups # Values represent median and interquartile ranges J Allergy Clin Immunol. Author manuscript; available in PMC 2012 April 1.





Describing the characteristics of COVID-19 patients in the hospital is of importance to assist in the management of hospital capacity in the future. Here, we analyze the trajectories of 1321 patients admitted to hospitals in northern and eastern France. We found that the time from onset to hospitalization decreased with age, from 7.3 days in the 20-65 year-olds to 4.5 in the >80 year-olds (p < 0.0001). Overall, the length of stay in the hospital was 15.9 days, and the death rate was 20%. One patient out of four was admitted to the intensive care unit (ICU) for approximately one month. The characteristics of trajectories changed with age: fewer older patients were admitted to the ICU and the death rate was larger in the elderly. Admission shortly after onset was associated with increased mortality (odds-ratio (OR) = 1.8, Confidence Interval (CI) 95% [1.3, 2.6]) as well as male sex (OR = 2.1, CI 95% [1.5, 2.9]). Time from admission within the hospital to the transfer to ICU was short. The age-and sex-adjusted mortality rate decreased over the course of the epidemic, suggesting improvement in care over time. In the SARS-CoV-2 epidemic, the urgent need for ICU at admission and the prolonged length of stay in ICU are a challenge for bed management and organization of care.




Traditionally, most of the proposed probabilistic models of decision under uncertainty rely on numerical measures and representations. Alternative proposals call for qualitative (non-numerical) treatment of uncertainty, based on preference relations and belief orders. The automation of both numerical and non-numerical frameworks surely represents a preliminary step in the development of inference engines of intelligent agents, expert systems, and decision-support tools.In this paper we exploit Answer Set Programming to formalize and reason about uncertainty expressed as belief orders. The availability of ASP-solvers supports the design of automated tools to handle such formalizations. Our proposal reveals particularly suitable whenever the domain of discernment is partial. We first illustrate how to automatically ""classify ^^, according to the most well-known uncertainty frameworks, any given qualitative uncertainty assessment. Then, we show how to compute an enlargement of the assessment, to any other new inference target.




Previous studies described the clinical features of Covid-19 in adults and infants under 1 year of age. Little is known about features, outcomes and intrauterine transmission potential in newborn babies aged 28 days or less. Through systematical searching, we identified 4 infections in newborn babies in China as of March 13. The age range was 30 hours to 17 days old. Three were male. Two newborn babies had fever, 1 had shortness of breath, 1 had cough and 1 had no syndromes. Supportive treatment was provided for all 4 newborn babies. None required intensive unit care or mechanical ventilation. None had any severe complications.Three newborn babies recovered by the end of this study and had been discharged with 16, 23, and 30 days of hospital stay. All 4 mothers were infected by SARS-CoV-2, 3 showing symptoms before and 1 after delivery. Cesarean section was used for all 4 mothers, 3 at level Ⅲ hospitals and 1 at a level Ⅱ hospital. Three newborn babies were separated from mothers right after being born and were not breastfed. In summary, newborn babies are susceptible to SARS-CoV-2 infection. The symptoms in newborn babies were milder and outcomes were less severe as compared to adults. Intrauterine vertical transmission is possible but direct evidence is still lacking.





Background: In Korea, a total of 10,840 confirmed cases of COVID-19 including 256 deaths have been recorded as of May 9, 2020. The time-delay adjusted case fatality risk (CFR) of COVID-19 in Korea is yet to be estimated. Methods: We obtained the daily series of confirmed cases and deaths in Korea reported prior to May 9, 2020. Using statistical methods, we estimated the time-delay adjusted risk for death from COVID-19 in Daegu, Gyeongsangbuk-do, other regions in Korea, as well as the entire country. Results: Our model-based crude CFR fitted the observed data well throughout the course of the epidemic except for the very early stage in Gyeongsangbuk-do; this was partially due to the reporting delay. Our estimates of the risk of death in Gyeongsangbuk-do reached 25.9% (95% Credible Interval (CrI): 19.6%-33.6%), 20.8% (95% CrI: 18.1%-24.0%) in Daegu, and 1.7% (95% CrI: 1.1%-2.5%) in other regions, whereas the national estimate was 10.2% (95% CrI: 9.0%-11.5%). Conclusions: The latest estimates of CFR of COVID-19 in Korea are considerably high, even with the early implementation of public health interventions including widespread testing, social distancing, and delayed school openings. Geographic differences in the CFR are likely influenced by clusters tied to hospitals and nursing homes.




Bacterial foraging optimization (BFO), a novel bio-inspired heuristic optimization algorithm, has been attracted widespread attention and widely applied to various practical optimization problems. However, the standard BFO algorithm exists some potential deficiencies, such as the weakness of convergence accuracy and a lack of swarm communication. Owing to the improvement of these issues, an improved BFO algorithm with comprehensive swarm learning strategies (LPCBFO) is proposed. As for the LPCBFO algorithm, each bacterium keeps on moving with stochastic run lengths based on linear-decreasing Lévy flight strategy. Moreover, illuminated by the social learning mechanism of PSO and CSO algorithm, the paper incorporates cooperative communication with the current global best individual and competitive learning into the original BFO algorithm. To examine the optimization capability of the proposed algorithm, six benchmark functions with 30 dimensions are chosen. Finally, experimental results demonstrate that the performance of the LPCBFO algorithm is superior to the other five algorithms.




Solution structure of the X4 protein encoded by the SARS coronavirus reveals an immunoglobulinlike fold and suggests a binding activity to integrin I domains




With the progression of the COVID-19 pandemic, there have been different reports about the development of autoimmune diseases once the infection is controlled. After entering the respiratory epithelial cells, SARS-CoV-2-the virus that causes the disease-triggers a severe inflammatory state in some patients known as ""cytokine storm"" and the development of thrombotic phenomena-both conditions being associated with high mortality. Patients additionally present severe lymphopenia and, in some cases, complement consumption and autoantibody development. There is a normalization of lymphocytes once the infection is controlled. After this, autoimmune conditions of unknown etiology may occur. A hypothesis for the development of post-COVID-19 autoimmunity is proposed based on the consequences of both a transient immunosuppression (both of innate and acquired immunity) in which self-tolerance is lost and an inappropriate form of immune reconstitution that amplifies the process.




The COVID-19 pandemic has caused severe disruption to economic and financial activity worldwide. We assess what happened to the aggregate U.S. stock market during this period, including implications for both short and long-horizon investors. Using the model of Maheu, McCurdy and Song (2012), we provide smoothed estimates and outof-sample forecasts associated with stock market dynamics during the pandemic. We identify bull and bear market regimes including their bull correction and bear rally components, demonstrate the model's performance in capturing periods of significant regime change, and provide forecasts that improve risk management and investment decisions. The paper concludes with out-of-sample forecasts of market states one year ahead.







A nonlinear compartmental model is developed for the HIV detection system in Cuba with different types of detections, some random and others non-random. We analyze the dynamics of this system, compute the reproduction numbers, and use the data from the Cuban HIV/AIDS epidemic between 1986-2008 to fit the model. We obtain estimates for the detection-related parameters during two separate time periods to reflect the timeline of the implementation of various types of searches. The reproduction numbers for each time period are also computed from the sets of values of the parameters. We found that random screening is most important as a mean of surveillance. Moreover, local asymptotic stability for the Disease Free Equilibrium can be achieved if (i) random screening is sufficiently effective and (ii) infection by detected HIV-positive individuals is minimal. Our results highlight the importance of education for the known infectious for the purpose of preventing further infection. Fitting the 1986-2008 HIV data to obtain the model parameter estimates indicates that the HIV epidemic in Cuba is currently approaching an endemic equilibrium. A Genetic Algorithm is used.




Most human infectious diseases, especially recently emerging pathogens, originate from animals, and ongoing disease transmission from animals to people presents a significant global health burden. Recognition of the epidemiologic circumstances involved in zoonotic spillover, amplification, and spread of diseases is essential for prioritizing surveillance and predicting future disease emergence risk. We examine the animal hosts and transmission mechanisms involved in spillover of zoonotic viruses to date, and discover that viruses with high host plasticity (i.e. taxonomically and ecologically diverse host range) were more likely to amplify viral spillover by secondary human-to-human transmission and have broader geographic spread. Viruses transmitted to humans during practices that facilitate mixing of diverse animal species had significantly higher host plasticity. Our findings suggest that animal-to-human spillover of new viruses that are capable of infecting diverse host species signal emerging disease events with higher pandemic potential in that these viruses are more likely to amplify by human-to-human transmission with spread on a global scale.Emerging, re-emerging, and endemic zoonotic diseases continue to place a substantial burden on global health, particularly where dense human populations and pressures on environmental and economic resources are greatest. Over one billion cases of human zoonotic disease are estimated to occur annually, and novel emerging zoonoses have resulted in hundreds of billions of dollars in economic losses 1 . Given the rich diversity of animal life on our planet, it is not surprising that animals are the source of most human infectious diseases, with centuries of intimate contact with domesticated species facilitating the early transmission of the most adaptable pathogens to humans 2 . Recent recognition that the majority of emerging infectious disease events have wildlife origins 3 highlights the need for a deep understanding of the type of contact between wild animals and people that enables disease transmission. Opportunities for close contact between humans and wild animals are relatively rare compared to contact with domestic animals, yet recent emergence of many diseases, such as severe acute respiratory syndrome, Nipah virus encephalitis, and Ebola, highlight the threat that wildlife pathogens pose to global health security 4 .After centuries of documented outbreaks, we have now begun to unravel the mechanisms underlying disease transmission from animals to people. Here, we focus on zoonotic viruses, which are the most frequently emerging human pathogen, constituting less than 15% of all known species of human pathogens, but over 65% of pathogens discovered since 1980 5 . We seek to understand the mechanisms facilitating transmission of viruses from animals to people, with special attention to the human activities enabling direct and indirect contact with wild animal hosts resulting in recent human outbreaks. By evaluating data reported for all known zoonotic viruses, we test long-held assumptions regarding common traits among viruses that have spilled over from animals and activities facilitating their transmission. We use network analyses to evaluate sharing of viruses by animal hosts and high-risk transmission interfaces




In the recent years, the intelligent data-driven fault diagnosis methods on the rotating machines have been popularly developed. Especially, deep learning algorithms have been adopted in several studies and promising results have been obtained. However, the cross-domain fault diagnostic problem still remains a challenging issue, where the training and testing data are collected from different operating conditions of the machine. To bridge the domain gap in the training and testing data and increase the model generalization ability, a domain adaptation approach is proposed in this paper within the deep learning framework. Multiple convolutional operations are employed for automatic feature extraction. The maximum mean discrepancy is used to optimize the distributions of the learned features for accurate diagnosis. To further enhance the model generalization ability, the health condition labels of the data are injected with additional noise during model training. Experiments on a bearing fault diagnosis dataset are carried out for validation. The results show that, compared with the popular transfer learning algorithms, the proposed method with noisy health labels can successfully improve the cross-domain diagnosis performance on rotating machines.In the recent years, the intelligent data-driven fault diagnosis methods on the rotating machines have been popularly developed. Especially, deep learning algorithms have been adopted in several studies and promising results have been obtained. However, the cross-domain fault diagnostic problem still remains a challenging issue, where the training and testing data are collected from different operating conditions of the machine. To bridge the domain gap in the training and testing data and increase the model generalization ability, a domain adaptation approach is proposed in this paper within the deep learning framework. Multiple convolutional operations are employed for automatic feature extraction. The maximum mean discrepancy is used to optimize the distributions of the learned features for accurate diagnosis. To further enhance the model generalization ability, the health condition labels of the data are injected with additional noise during model training. Experiments on a bearing fault diagnosis dataset are carried out for validation. The results show that, compared with the popular transfer learning algorithms, the proposed method with noisy health labels can successfully improve the cross-domain diagnosis performance on rotating machines.In the recent years, the intelligent data-driven fault diagnosis methods on the rotating machines have been popularly developed. Especially, deep learning algorithms have been adopted in several studies and promising results have been obtained. However, the cross-domain fault diagnostic problem still remains a challenging issue, where the training and testing data are collected from different operating conditions of the machine. To bridge the domain gap in the training and testing data and increase the model generalization ability, a domain adaptation approach is proposed in this paper within the deep learning framework. Multiple convolutional operations are employed for automatic feature extraction. The maximum mean discrepancy is used to optimize the distributions of the learned features for accurate diagnosis. To further enhance the model generalization ability, the health condition labels of the data are injected with additional noise during model training. Experiments on a bearing fault diagnosis dataset are carried out for validation. The results show that, compared with the popular transfer learning algorithms, the proposed method with noisy health labels can successfully improve the cross-domain diagnosis performance on rotating machines.




As corona virus disease 2019 (COVID-19) is a rapidly growing public health crisis across the world, our knowledge of meaningful diagnostic tests and treatment for severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-COV-2) is still evolving. This novel coronavirus disease COVID-19 can be diagnosed using RT-PCR, but inadequate access to reagents, equipment, and a nonspecific target has slowed disease detection and management. Precision medicine, individualized patient care, requires suitable diagnostics approaches to tackle the challenging aspects of viral outbreaks where many tests are needed in a rapid and deployable approach. Mass spectrometry (MS)-based technologies such as proteomics, glycomics, lipidomics, and metabolomics have been applied in disease outbreaks for identification of infectious disease agents such as virus and bacteria and the molecular phenomena associated with pathogenesis. Matrix-assisted laser desorption ionization time-of-flight mass spectrometry (MALDI-TOF/MS) is widely used in clinical diagnostics in the United States and Europe for bacterial pathogen identification. Paper spray ionization mass spectrometry (PSI-MS), a rapid ambient MS technique, has recently open a new opportunity for future clinical investigation to diagnose pathogens. Ultra-high-pressure liquid chromatography coupled high-resolution mass spectrometry (UHPLC−HRMS)based metabolomics and lipidomics have been employed in large-scale biomedical research to discriminate infectious pathogens and uncover biomarkers associated with pathogenesis. PCR-MS has emerged as a new technology with the capability to directly identify known pathogens from the clinical specimens and the potential to identify genetic evidence of undiscovered pathogens. Moreover, miniaturized MS offers possible applications with relatively fast, highly sensitive, and potentially portable ways to analyze for viral compounds. However, beneficial aspects of these rapidly growing MS technologies in pandemics like COVID-19 outbreaks has been limited. Hence, this perspective gives a brief of the existing knowledge, current challenges, and opportunities for MS-based techniques as a promising avenue in studying emerging pathogen outbreaks such as COVID-19.





Background: Lower respiratory tract infection (LRTI) including Community-acquired pneumonia (CAP) is a common infectious disease that is associated with significant morbidity and mortality. The patterns of aetiological pathogens differ by region and country. Special attention must be paid to CAP in Southeast Asia (SEA), a region facing rapid demographic transition. Estimates burden and aetiological patterns of CAP are essential for the clinical and public health management. The purposes of the study are to determine the incidence, aetiological pathogens, clinical pictures and risk factors of community-acquired pneumonia (CAP) in the Vietnamese adult population.Methods: A prospective surveillance for hospitalised adult CAP was conducted in Khanh Hoa Province, Central Vietnam. All adults aged ≥15 years with lower respiratory tract infections (LRTI) admitted to a provincial hospital from September 2009 to August 2010 were enrolled in the study. Patients were classified into CAP and non-pneumonic LRTI (NPLRTI) according to the radiological findings. Bacterial pathogens were identified from sputum samples by the conventional culture and polymerase chain reaction (PCR) for Streptococcus pneumoniae, Haemophilus influenzae, and Moraxella catarrhalis; 13 respiratory viruses were identified from nasopharyngeal specimens by PCR.Results: Of all 367 LRTI episodes examined, 174 (47%) were CAP. Older age, the presence of underlying respiratory conditions, and higher index score of smoking were associated with CAP. The one-year estimated incidence of hospitalised adult CAP in our study population was 0.81 per 1,000 person years. The incidence increased considerably with age and was highest among the elderly. The case fatality proportion of hospitalised CAP patients was 9.8%. Among 286 sputum samples tested for bacterial PCR, 79 (28%) were positive for H. influenzae, and 65 (23%) were positive for S. pneumoniae. Among 357 samples tested for viral PCR, 73 (21%) were positive for respiratory viruses; influenza A (n = 32, 9%) was the most common. Conclusions: The current adult CAP incidence in Vietnam was relatively low; this result was mainly attributed to the young age of our study population.




The SARS-CoV-2 macrodomain (Mac1) within the non-structural protein 3 (Nsp3) counteracts host-mediated 4 antiviral ADP-ribosylation signalling. This enzyme is a promising antiviral target because catalytic mutations 5 render viruses non-pathogenic. Here, we report a massive crystallographic screening and computational 6 docking effort, identifying new chemical matter primarily targeting the active site of the macrodomain. 7Crystallographic screening of diverse fragment libraries resulted in 214 unique macrodomain-binding 8 fragments, out of 2,683 screened. An additional 60 molecules were selected from docking over 20 million 9fragments, of which 20 were crystallographically confirmed. X-ray data collection to ultra-high resolution and 10 at physiological temperature enabled assessment of the conformational heterogeneity around the active site. 11Several crystallographic and docking fragment hits were validated for solution binding using three biophysical 12 techniques (DSF, HTRF, ITC). Overall, the 234 fragment structures presented explore a wide range of 13 chemotypes and provide starting points for development of potent SARS-CoV-2 macrodomain inhibitors. 14 15




Zoonotic coronavirus (CoV) infections, such as those responsible for the current severe acute respiratory syndrome-CoV 2 (SARS-CoV-2) pandemic, cause grave international public health concern. In infected cells, the CoV RNA-synthesizing machinery associates with modified endoplasmic reticulum membranes that are transformed into the viral replication organelle (RO). Although double-membrane vesicles (DMVs) appear to be a pan-CoV RO element, studies to date describe an assortment of additional CoV-induced membrane structures. Despite much speculation, it remains unclear which RO element(s) accommodate viral RNA synthesis. Here we provide detailed 2D and 3D analyses of CoV ROs and show that diverse CoVs essentially induce the same membrane modifications, including the small open double-membrane spherules (DMSs) previously thought to be restricted to gamma-and delta-CoV infections and proposed as sites of replication. Metabolic labeling of newly synthesized viral RNA followed by quantitative electron microscopy (EM) autoradiography revealed abundant viral RNA synthesis associated with DMVs in cells infected with the beta-CoVs Middle East respiratory syndrome-CoV (MERS-CoV) and SARS-CoV and the gamma-CoV infectious bronchitis virus. RNA synthesis could not be linked to DMSs or any other cellular or virus-induced structure. Our results provide a unifying model of the CoV RO and clearly establish DMVs as the central hub for viral RNA synthesis and a potential drug target in CoV infection. PLOS BIOLOGY PLOS Biology | https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.3000715 June 8, 2020 1 / 25 OPEN ACCESS Citation: Snijder EJ, Limpens RWAL, de Wilde AH, de Jong AWM, Zevenhoven-Dobbe JC, Maier HJ, et al. (2020) A unifying structural and functional model of the coronavirus replication organelle: Tracking down RNA synthesis. PLoS Biol 18(6): e3000715. https://doi.




To determine the significance of CD13/aminopeptidase N in collagen vascular diseases (CVD), we examined its activity and expression in sera and disease sites of patients with CVD. Significantly higher aminopeptidase activity was detected in bronchoalveolar lavage fluid from patients with interstitial lung diseases due to rheumatoid arthritis (RA), polymyositis/dermatomyositis (PM/DM), systemic sclerosis (SSc), and Sjo¨gren's syndrome than from control subjects. Increased aminopeptidase activity and increased expression of CD13/aminopeptidase N protein were found in alveolar macrophages from CVD patients with interstitial lung diseases. Significantly higher aminopeptidase activity was detected in pleural effusions from patients with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) than in transudate effusions. The mean aminopeptidase activity in synovial fluids from RA patients was significantly higher than from patients with osteoarthritis. The mean value of serum aminopeptidase activity was significantly higher in patients with SLE, RA, SSc, and PM/DM than in normal subjects. This study suggests that the activity of CD13/aminopeptidase N, locally produced in the disease site, is a useful marker for CVD and that CD13/ aminopeptidase N may have an important role in the pathogenesis of CVD.Keywords Aminopeptidase N AE Bronchoalveolar lavage AE CD13 AE Collagen vascular diseases Pleural effusionReagents L-leucine-7-amido-4-methyl-coumarine (L-leucine-AMC) was purchased from the Peptide Institute (Osaka, Japan). Monoclonal antibody against human CD13 was purchased from Becton Dickinson (San Jose, Calif., USA).




Background: Hiccups are involuntary diaphragmatic muscle contractions with early glottis closure terminating inspiration. They are classified into two types: acute (< 48 hours) and persistent (> 48 hours). COVID-19 is the defining health crisis of our generation. Although there are common symptoms of the disease (e.g. fever, cough), several atypical presentations have appeared as the pandemic has evolved. Here, we present a patient with COVID-19 presenting with fever, sore throat, and persistent hiccups.A 48-year-old man presented to the hospital with a seven-day history of persistent hiccups, fever, and sore throat. Physical examination was unremarkable and abdominal ultrasound showed gaseous abdominal distension. Laboratory values were remarkable for elevated C-reactive protein, ferritin, and lactate dehydrogenase levels. Computed tomography of the chest showed bilateral subpleural areas of ground-glass attenuation and crazy-paving pattern.A COVID-19 test was positive, and hydroxychloroquine, oseltamivir, baclofen, and symptomatic treatment were initiated. The hiccups improved, and the patient was discharged home after ten days.Conclusion: Physicians should maintain a high level of suspicion and be aware of atypical presentations of COVID-19.




Severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) is a recently discovered viral disease, characterized by fever, cough, acute fibrinous pneumonia and high infectivity. Specific pathogen-free (SPF) chickens were immunized with inactivated SARS coronavirus and their eggs were harvested at regular intervals. Yolk immunoglobulin (IgY) was extracted using the water dilution method, followed by further purification on a Sephadex G-75 column. SDS-polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis (SDS-PAGE), Western blot and neutralization test results showed that the IgY obtained was of a high purity and had a strong reactive activity with a neutralization titer of 1:640. Lyophilization and stability tests showed that lyophilized anti-SARS coronavirus IgY had promising physical properties, with no significant reduction in reactive activity and good thermal stability. All these data suggest that the anti-SARS coronavirus IgY could be a new useful biological product for specific antiviral therapy against SARS.




Characteristics and risk factors (RFs) of community-acquired respiratory virus (CARV) infections after umbilical cord blood transplantation (UCBT) are lacking. We retrospectively analyzed CARV infections in 216 single-unit myeloablative UCBT recipients. One-hundred and fourteen episodes of CARV infections were diagnosed in 62 (29%) patients. Upper respiratory tract disease (URTD) occurred in 61 (54%) whereas lower respiratory tract disease (LRTD) in 53 (46%). The 5-year cumulative incidence of CARV infection was 29%. RFs for developing CARV infections were: prednisone-based graft-versus-host disease (GVHD) prophylaxis and grade II-IV acute GVHD. RFs analysis of CARV progression to LRTD identified 2007-2009 period and absolute lymphocyte count (ALC) < 0.5 × 10 9 /L. ALC < 0.5 × 10 9 /L had a negative impact on day 60 mortality in both overall CARV and those with LRTD, whereas proven LRTD was associated with higher day 60 mortality. CARV infections had a negative effect on non-relapse mortality. Overall survival at day 60 after CARV detection was significantly lower in recipients with LRTD compared with URTD (74% vs. 93%, respectively). In conclusion, CARV infections after UCBT are frequent and may have a negative effect in the outcomes, in particular in the context of lymphocytopenia.




Word Count: 130 Text Word Count: 5,043 with 56 references




BACKGROUND:




Infectious salmon anaemia virus (ISAV) is a piscine orthomyxovirus causing a serious disease in farmed Atlantic salmon (Salmo salar L.). The virus surface glycoprotein hemagglutinin-esterase (HE) is responsible for both viral attachment and release. Similarity to bovine and porcine torovirus hemagglutinin-esterase (BToV HE, PToV HE), bovine coronavirus HE (BCoV HE) and influenza C hemagglutinin-esterase-fusion (InfC HEF) proteins were exploited in a computational homology-based structure analysis of ISAV HE. The analysis resolved structural aspects of the protein and identified important features of relevance to ISAV HE activity. By recombinant expression and purification of secretory HE (recHE) proteins, receptorbinding and quantitative analyses of enzymatic activities displayed by ISAV HE molecules are presented for the first time. Three different recHE molecules were constructed: one representing a high virulent isolate, one a low virulent, while in the third a Ser 32 to Ala 32 amino acid substitution was introduced in the enzymatic catalytic site as inferred from the model. The three amino acid differences between the high and low virulent variants, of which two localized to the putative receptor-binding domain and one in the esterase domain, had no impact on receptor-binding or -release activities. In contrast, the Ser 32 amino acid substitution totally abolished enzymatic activity while receptor binding increased, as observed by agglutination of Atlantic salmon red blood cells. This demonstrates the essential role of a serine in the enzyme's catalytic site. In conclusion, structural analysis of ISAV HE in combination with selected recHE proteins gave insights into structure-function relationships and opens up for further studies aiming at dissecting molecular determinants of ISAV virulence.





Objective: To evaluate the levels of anxiety, depression, and stress associated with the practice of physical exercise (PE) during pandemic by COVID-19.Methods: This study has a cross-sectional characteristic and was carried out between May 12 and 14, 2020. An online questionnaire was applied with questions to assess sociodemographic characteristics and physical exercise during the CoVID-19 pandemic, in addition to depression, anxiety, and stress analysis. The study was approved by the local ethics committee (CAAE: 31521720.8.0000.5082).Results: One thousand one hundred and fifty four answered the questionnaire (69.84% female). During the isolation period, the number of participants who declared not to exercise was 54.16%. Women generaly presented higher levels of anxiety, depression, and stress when compared to men (p < 0.0001 for all domains). The risk of having increased anxiety were 118% higher (OR = 2.183; 95% CI = 1.717-2.775), the risk of depression was 152% higher (OR = 2.525; 95% CI = 1.991-3.205), and the risk of stress symptoms increased 75.1% (OR = 1.751; 95% CI = 1.386-2.213) in the participants who did not perform PE when compared to those who maintain regular PE.




As the SARS-CoV-2 pandemic continues its rapid global spread, quantification of local transmission patterns has been, and will continue to be, critical for guiding pandemic response. Understanding the accuracy and limitations of statistical methods to estimate the reproduction number, R0, in the context of emerging epidemics is therefore vital to ensure appropriate interpretation of results and the subsequent implications for control efforts. Using simulated epidemic data we assess the performance of 6 commonly-used statistical methods to estimate R0 as they would be applied in a real-time outbreak analysis scenario -fitting to an increasing number of data points over time and with varying levels of random noise in the data. Method comparison was also conducted on empirical outbreak data, using Zika surveillance data from the 2015-2016 epidemic in Latin America and the Caribbean. We find that all methods considered here frequently over-estimate R0 in the early stages of epidemic growth on simulated data, the magnitude of which decreases when fitted to an increasing number of time points. This trend of decreasing bias over time can easily lead to incorrect conclusions about the course of the epidemic or the need for control efforts. We show that true changes in pathogen transmissibility can be difficult to disentangle from changes in methodological accuracy and precision, particularly for data with significant over-dispersion. As localised epidemics of SARS-CoV-2 take hold around the globe, awareness of this trend will be important for appropriately cautious interpretation of results and subsequent guidance for control efforts.In line with a real-time outbreak analysis we use simulated epidemic data to assess the performance of 6 commonly-used statistical methods to estimate the reproduction number, R0, at different time points during the epidemic growth phase. We find that estimates of R0 are frequently overestimated by these methods in the early stages of epidemic growth, with decreasing bias when fitting to an increasing number of time points. Reductions in R0 estimates obtained at sequential time points during early epidemic growth may reflect increased methodological accuracy rather than reductions in pathogen transmissibility or effectiveness of interventions. As SARS-CoV-2 continues its geographic spread, awareness of this bias will be important for appropriate interpretation of results and subsequent guidance for control efforts.





To identify novel adenosine receptor (AR) ligands based on the chalcone scaffold, herein the synthesis, characterization and in vitro and in silico evaluation of 33 chalcones (15-36 and 37-41) and structurally related compounds (42-47) are reported. These compounds were characterized by radioligand binding and GTP shift assays to determine the degree and type of binding affinity, respectively, against rat (r) A 1 and A 2A ARs. The chalcone derivatives 24, 29, 37 and 38 possessed selective A 1 affinity below 10 µM, and thus, are the most active compounds of the present series; compound 38 was the most potent selective A 1 AR antagonist (K i (r) = 1.6 µM). The structure-affinity relationships (SAR) revealed that the NH 2 -group at position C3 of ring A of the chalcone scaffold played a key role in affinity, and also, the Br-atom at position C3′ on benzylidene ring B. Upon in vitro and in silico evaluation, the novel C3 amino-substituted chalcone derivative 38-that contains an α,ßunsaturated carbonyl system and easily allows structural modification-may possibly be a synthon in future drug discovery.Graphic abstract C3 amino-substituted chalcone derivative (38) with C3′ Br substitution on benzylidene ring B possesses selective adenosine rA 1 receptor affinity in micromolar range. increased A 1 AR affinity 37 A 1 K i (r) = 7.069 µM 38 A 1 K i (r) = 1.559 µM 27 specific binding >20% increased A 1 AR affinity O H Br 3 2 2 3 A B37 from 3′-aminoacetophenone (0.50 g, 3.70 mmol) and 3-bromobenzaldehyde (0.68 g, 3.70 mmol) to yield the title compound 38 as light brown powder (0.80 g, 72%): mp: 176.78 °C (EtOH); 1 H NMR (600 MHz, DMSO) δ 8.26-8.13 (m, 2H), 7.97 (d, J = 15.7 Hz, 1H), 7.95 (s, 1H), 7.87 (d, J = 7.8 Hz, 1H), 7.73 (d, J = 15.7 Hz, 1H), 7.64 (t, J = 7.8 Hz, 2H), 7.58 (d, J = 7.8 Hz, 1H), 7.43 (t, J = 7.8 Hz, 1H); 13 C NMR (151 MHz, DMSO) δ 188. 36, 142.82, 138.42, 137.04, 135.23, 133.22, 130.98, 130.91, 130.17, 128.27, 126.72, 126.60, 123.32, 122.40, 121.45. APCI-HRMS m/z calculated for C 15 H 13 BrNO [M + H] + : 302.0175, found: 302.0164. Purity (HPLC): 98.1%.( 2 E ) -1 -( 3 -A m i n o p h e n y l ) -3 -( 2 -c h l o r o p h e n y l ) prop-2-en-1-one (39) Prepared as for 37 from 3′-aminoacetophenone (0.50 g, 3.70 mmol) and 2-chlorobenzaldehyde (0.52 g, 3.70 mmol) to yield the title compound 39 as light brown powder (0.94 g, 99%): mp: 188.04 °C (EtOH); 1 H NMR (600 MHz, DMSO) δ 8.23-8.13 (m, 2H), 8.05 (d, J = 15.6 Hz, 1H), 7.95 (d, J = 15.6 Hz, 2H), 7.65 (t, J = 7.8 Hz, 1H), 7.62-7.56 (m, 2H), 7.53-7.43 (m, 2H); 13 C




As the focus of the COVID-19 crisis is gradually taken away from emergency healthcare needs, increased attention is warranted on the psychological impact of the pandemic on a global level. Existing guidance on managing the COVID-19 related distress needs to be better informed by upcoming larger-scale research. Applying e-Health can be useful in dealing with the immediate psychological needs, while developing strategies to identify vulnerable populations and shifting the provision of mental health and social care to community services need to be prioritised when looking at the future. Focusing on global mental health during this universal crisis is an opportunity for promoting a more compassionate and less discriminating society.




The SARS-CoV-2 epidemic, which has spread to many countries around the world, has hit Europe particularly hard. From our point of view, in a rural emergency department (with an annual patient census of around 25,000) in northeastern Italy, it is necessary to preserve the hospital and prevent it from becoming an outbreak of infection. In our experience, we reevaluated the negative predictive value of lung ultrasound to rule out lung involvement. Since severe acute respiratory failure appears to be the leading cause of death for COVID-19 patients, it is essential to focus on this clinical feature. We currently believe that a patient suspected of COVID-19, if he has a normal ultrasound examination (a so-called ""A-profile""), can be discharged home to continue isolation and be treated without being hospitalized.




The severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) is the causative agent of the COVID-19 pandemic. Computer simulations of complete viral particles can provide theoretical insights into large-scale viral processes including assembly, budding, egress, entry, and fusion.Detailed atomistic simulations, however, are constrained to shorter timescales and require billionatom simulations for these processes. Here, we report the current status and on-going development of a largely ""bottom-up"" coarse-grained (CG) model of the SARS-CoV-2 virion.Structural data from a combination of cryo-electron microscopy (cryo-EM), x-ray crystallography, and computational predictions were used to build molecular models of structural SARS-CoV-2 proteins, which were then assembled into a complete virion model. We describe how CG molecular interactions can be derived from all-atom simulations, how viral behavior difficult to capture in atomistic simulations can be incorporated into the CG models, and how the CG models can be iteratively improved as new data becomes publicly available. Our initial CG model and the detailed methods presented are intended to serve as a resource for researchers working on COVID-19 who are interested in performing multiscale simulations of the SARS-CoV-2 virion.This study reports the construction of a molecular model for the SARS-CoV-2 virion and details our multiscale approach towards model refinement. The resulting model and methods can be applied to and enable the simulation of SARS-CoV-2 virions.J o u r n a l P r e -p r o o f




The opioid crisis has escalated during the COVID-19 pandemic. More than half of the overdose-related deaths are related to synthetic opioids represented by fentanyl which is a potent agonist of mu-opioid receptor (mOR). In recent years, crystal structures of mOR complexed with morphine derivatives have been determined; however, structural basis of mOR activation by fentanyl-like synthetic opioids remains lacking. Exploiting the X-ray structure of mOR bound to a morphinan ligand and several state-of-the-art simulation techniques, including weighted ensemble and continuous constant pH molecular dynamics, we elucidated the detailed binding mechanism of fentanyl with mOR. Surprisingly, in addition to the orthosteric site common to morphinan opiates, fentanyl can move deeper and bind mOR through hydrogen bonding with a conserved histidine H297, which has been shown to modulate mOR's ligand affinity and pH dependence in mutagenesis experiments, but its precise role remains unclear. Intriguingly, the secondary binding mode is only accessible when H297 adopts a neutral HID tautomer. Alternative binding modes and involvement of tautomer states may represent general mechanisms in G protein-coupled receptor (GPCR)-ligand recognition. Our work provides a starting point for understanding mOR activation by fentanyl analogs that are emerging at a rapid pace and assisting the design of safer analgesics to combat the opioid crisis. Current protein simulation studies employ standard protonation and tautomer states; our work demonstrates the need to move beyond the practice to advance our understanding of proteinligand recognition.RESULTS AND DISCUSSION




The ongoing Corona Virus Disease 2019 pandemic, caused by severe 20 acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus-2 (SARS-CoV-2), has emphasized the urgent need for antiviral therapeutics. The viral RNA-dependent-RNA-polymerase (RdRp) is a promising target with polymerase inhibitors successfully used for the treatment of several viral diseases. Here we show that Favipiravir exerts an antiviral effect as a nucleotide analogue through a combination of chain termination, slowed RNA synthesis and lethal mutagenesis. The SARS-CoV RdRp 25 complex is at least 10-fold more active than any other viral RdRp known. It possesses both unusually high nucleotide incorporation rates and high-error rates allowing facile insertion of Favipiravir into viral RNA, provoking C-to-U and G-to-A transitions in the already low cytosine content SARS-CoV-2 genome. The coronavirus RdRp complex represents an Achilles heel for SARS-CoV, supporting nucleoside analogues as promising candidates for the treatment of 30 COVID-19.2 Coronaviruses (CoV) are large genome, positive-strand RNA viruses of the order 35 Nidovirales that have recently attracted global attention due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. Despite significant efforts to control its spread, SARS-CoV-2 has caused substantial health and economic burden, emphasizing the immediate need for antiviral treatments. As with all positive strand RNA viruses, an RdRp lies at the core of the viral replication machinery and for CoVs this is the nsp12 protein. The pivotal role of nsp12 in the viral life-cycle, lack of host 40 homologues and high level of sequence and structural conservation makes it an optimal target for therapeutics. However, there has been remarkably little biochemical characterization of nsp12 and a lack of fundamental data to guide the design of antiviral therapeutics and study their mechanism of action (MoA). A promising class of RdRp inhibitors are nucleoside analogues (NAs), small molecule drugs that are metabolized intracellularly into their active ribonucleoside 45 5'-triphosphate (RTP) forms and incorporated into the nascent viral RNA by error-prone viral RdRps. This can disrupt RNA synthesis directly via chain termination, or can lead to the accumulation of deleterious mutations in the viral genome. For CoVs, the situation is complicated by the post-replicative repair capacity provided by the nsp14 exonuclease (ExoN) that is essential for maintaining the integrity of their large ~30 kb genomes 1-3 . Nsp14 has been 50 shown to remove certain NAs after insertion by the RdRp into the nascent RNA, thus reducing their antiviral effects 4-6 . Despite this, several NAs currently being used for the treatment of other viral infections have been identified as potential anti-CoV candidates 7-9 . Among these is the purine base analogue T-705 (Favipiravir, Avigan, Extended data Fig. 1a,b) that has broadspectrum activity against a number of RNA viruses and is currently licensed in Japan for use in 55




two anonymous reviewers for very helpful comments.Time-varying depreciation rates are estimated for research and development of the United States aggregate economy and innovation-intensive industries. Mean annual R&D depreciation rates are 31.5% for software, 41% for pharmaceuticals, 42% for semiconductors, and 30.4% for aggregate economy during 1978-2014. R&D depreciation rates vary across industries.R&D investment demand has separate elasticities in time-varying depreciation, interest rate and price growth, allowing for different rates of technology shifts across industries. Software R&D investment has the same magnitude of elasticities to depreciation, interest rate and price, supporting a user cost to apply. For pharmaceuticals and semiconductors, depreciation leads to more R&D investment that implies the effect of scale. For aggregate economy, depreciation reduces R&D investment more than interest rate, indicating obsolescence.Forecasting of R&D investment is improved at both industry and aggregate level. Forecastable time-varying depreciation, interest rate and price growth predict R&D investment based on the estimated demand function. The in-sample forecast comparison for 2015-2019 confirms the superiority to the alternative methods. Out-of-sample forecasts of R&D investment are carried out through 2025, and R&D capital stocks are constructed across industries and aggregate U.S. economy.J o u r n a l P r e -p r o o f 2




During an outbreak of respiratory diseases including atypical pneumonia in Wuhan, a previously unknown β-coronavirus was detected in patients. The newly discovered coronavirus is similar to some β-coronaviruses found in bats but different from previously known SARS-CoV and MERS-CoV. High sequence identities and similarities between 2019-nCoV and SARS-CoV were found. In this study, we searched the homologous templates of all nonstructural and structural proteins of 2019-nCoV.Among the nonstructural proteins, the leader protein (nsp1), the papain-like protease (nsp3), the nsp4, the 3C-like protease (nsp5), the nsp7, the nsp8, the nsp9, the nsp10, the RNA-directed RNA polymerase (nsp12), the helicase (nsp13), the guanine-N7 methyltransferase (nsp14), the uridylate-specific endoribonuclease | 5 consistent with the SARS or SARS-like coronaviruses, which is in accordance with the previously published work. 44 High sequence identities and similarities between 2019-nCoV and SARS-CoV were found. We searched the homologous templates of all structural and nonstructural proteins of 2019-nCoV. These protein models should be useful for molecular docking investigations and molecular dynamics simulations. Moreover, these resulting structures would be meaningful for further structure-based virtual screening and related computer-aided drug design.ACKNOWLEDGMENTS




Objectives. To assess knowledge, attitudes, anxiety and behavioral adaptations to COVID-19. Methods. A cross-sectional study was conducted among non-healthcare-related participants after a stay-at-home directive was implemented. Multivariate logistic regression analysis was conducted to identify factors associated with anxiety, perceived seriousness of COVID-19 and loneliness.




The interferon-inducible transmembrane (IFITM) proteins inhibit a wide range of viruses. We previously reported the inhibition of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) strain BH10 by human IFITM1, 2 and 3. It is unknown whether other HIV-1 strains are similarly inhibited by IFITMs and whether there exists viral countermeasure to overcome IFITM inhibition. We report here that the HIV-1 NL4-3 strain (HIV-1 NL4-3 ) is not restricted by IFITM1 and its viral envelope glycoprotein is partly responsible for this insensitivity. However, HIV-1 NL4-3 is profoundly inhibited by an IFITM1 mutant, known as Δ(117-125), which is deleted of 9 amino acids at the C-terminus. In contrast to the wild type IFITM1, which does not affect HIV-1 entry, the Δ(117-125) mutant diminishes HIV-1 NL4-3 entry by 3-fold. This inhibition correlates with the predominant localization of Δ(117-125) to the plasma membrane where HIV-1 entry occurs. In spite of strong conservation of IFITM1 among most species, mouse IFITM1 is 19 amino acids shorter at its C-terminus as compared to human IFITM1 and, like the human IFITM1 mutant Δ(117-125), mouse IFITM1 also inhibits HIV-1 entry. This is the first report illustrating the role of viral envelope protein in overcoming IFITM1 restriction. The results also demonstrate the importance of the C-terminal region of IFITM1 in modulating the antiviral function through controlling protein subcellular localization.




Background: The airborne spreading of enteric viruses can occur through the aerosol and droplets produced by toilet flushing. These can contaminate the surrounding environment, but few data exist to estimate the risk of exposure and infection. For this reason environmental monitoring of air and selected surfaces was carried out in 2 toilets of an office building and in 3 toilets of a hospital before and after cleaning operations. Methods: To reveal the presence of norovirus, enterovirus, rhinovirus, human rotavirus, and Torque teno virus and to quantify human adenovirus and bacteria counts, molecular and cultural methods were used. Results: On the whole, viruses were detected on 78% of surfaces and in 81% of aerosol. Among the researched viruses, only human adenovirus and Torque teno virus were found in both surface and air samples. In several cases the same adenovirus strain was concurrently found in all matrices. Bacterial counts were unrelated to viral presence and cleaning did not seem to substantially reduce contamination. Conclusions: The data collected in our study confirm that toilets are an important source of viral contamination, mainly in health care settings, where disinfection can have a crucial role in preventing virus spread.




Chick embryo tracheal organ cultures showed increased resistance to infection by a coronavirus after exposure to ascorbate, while chick respiratory epithelium and allantois-on-shell preparations showed no increase in resistance to infection b y an influenza virus or a paramyxovirus.Recently it was established that the mucoid surface-film of lung alveolae contains a very high concentration of ascorbie acid. While there are difficulties in determining the ascorbic acid content of the surface film, it was estimated to be between 1.0 and 3.5 mg/ml (16). Because it was thought that these concentrations may behave as a defensive barrier, systems using monolayer cultures of chickembryo respiratory epithelium, allantois-on-shell and chick-embryo eiliated tracheal organ (CETO) cultures were used to study the effect of ascorbic acid on virus infection. The viruses used were members of the Families Orthomyxoviridae (influenza A), Paramyxoviridae (Newcastle disease virus, NDV), and Coronaviridae (avian infectious bronchitis virus, IBV).Respiratory epithelium cultures were prepared either in ""Falcon"" tissue culture flasks (30 ml) or in ""Linbro"" 96 cup polystyrene tissue culture microplates IS-FB-96-TC. Allantois-on-sbell preparations were made by the method described by FAZE~:ASand %V]c[ITE (6). CETO cultures were prepared by the method of CttER~¥ and TAYLOR-ROBI~SO~ (4) with minor modifications. The trachea were dissected out from 20 day-old chickembryos and cut transversely into rings 1 mm thick. After washing, the rings were placed individually into tubes containing 3 ml of Eagle's basal medium (BME) plus glutamine and antibiotics, buffered to pH 7.4. Full cilial activity could be observed 13 Arch. Virol. 56/3





A 13-year-old patient with transfusion-dependent ␤ thalassemia major developed acute regimen-related lung toxicity after the conditioning regimen but before allogeneic bone marrow transplantation. He was successfully managed on non-invasive ventilatory support. Advances in non-invasive ventilatory support may drastically improve the outlook of this subset of patients who otherwise have a grim prognosis




A new personal bioaerosol sampler has recently been developed and verified to be very efficient for monitoring of viable airborne bacteria, fungi and viruses. The device is capable of providing high recovery rates even for microorganisms which are rather sensitive to physical and biological stresses. However, some mathematical procedure is required for realistic calculation of an actual concentration of viable bioaerosols in the air taking into account a rate of inactivation of targeted microorganisms, sampling parameters, and results of microbial analysis of collecting liquid from the sampler. In this paper, we develop such procedure along with the model of aerosol propagation for outdoor conditions. Combining these procedures allows one to determine the optimal sampling locations for the best possible coverage of the area to be monitored. A hypothetical episode concerned with terrorists' attack during music concert in the central square of Novosibirsk, Russia was considered to evaluate possible coverage of the area by sampling equipment to detect bioaerosols at various locations within the square. It was found that, for chosen bioaerosol generation parameters and weather conditions, the new personal sampler would be capable to reliably detect pathogens at all locations occupied by crowd, even at distances of up to 600 m from the source. r




Shown are distributions of polygenic scores for people with coronary artery disease (CAD) (solid line) and controls (dashed line). The vertical line indicates a possible polygenic score cutoff for predictive testing (at scores giving a false positive rate of 5%, in this drawing). The false positive rate is the proportion of control individuals with positive scores ¼ dark gray/[dark gray D light gray D blue]. The detection rate is the proportion of patients with CAD with positive scores ¼ [orange D dark gray]/[orange D dark gray D yellow D light gray]. The CAD detection rate is low at the cutoff used. The false positive rate will be higher for scores with higher detection rates. The figure was adapted from Supplemental Figure 1 (all ancestries; normalized score; Partners Healthcare Biobank) in Aragam et al. (1). Rotter and Lin J A C C V O L . 7 5 , N O . 2 2 , 2 0 2 0




| Severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) is the causative agent of the ongoing coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic. Alongside investigations into the virology of SARS-CoV-2, understanding the fundamental physiological and immunological processes underlying the clinical manifestations of COVID-19 is vital for the identification and rational design of effective therapies. Here, we provide an overview of the pathophysiology of SARS-CoV-2 infection. We describe the interaction of SARS-CoV-2 with the immune system and the subsequent contribution of dysfunctional immune responses to disease progression. From nascent reports describing SARS-CoV-2, we make inferences on the basis of the parallel pathophysiological and immunological features of the other human coronaviruses targeting the lower respiratory tract -severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV) and Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus (MERS-CoV). Finally , we highlight the implications of these approaches for potential therapeutic interventions that target viral infection and/or immunoregulation.




Intensive Care Medicine Experimental 2016, 4(Suppl 1):A391Introduction In addition to systemic hemodynamics, the management of neurocritically ill patients is often informed by neuromonitoring. In the absence of high-level evidence clinicians are often guided by personal and local expertise. Little is known about practices as they pertain to the use of such monitoring in patients with acute brain injury (ABI). Objectives To investigate practices in bedside monitoring for ABI patients. Particularly interested in differences among ""neurointensivists"" (NIs; defined here as intensivists whose clinical practice is comprised > 1/3 by neurocritical care) and other intensivists (OIs). Also, to explore patterns specific to traumatic brain injury (TBI) and subarachnoid hemorrhage (SAH), as well as preferences and availability of particular technologies/devices. Methods Electronic survey of 22 items including two case-based scenarios; endorsed by SCCM (9,000 recipients) and ESICM (on-line newsletter) in 2013. A sample size of 370 was calculated based on a population of 10,000 physician members, a 5 % margin error, and 95 % confidence interval. We summarized results using descriptive statistics (proportions with 95 % confidence intervals). A chi-square test was used to compare proportions of responses between NIs and OIs with a significance p < 0.05.There were 655 responders (66 % completion rate); 422(65 %) were classified as OIs and 226(35 %) as NIs. More NIs follow hemodynamic protocols for neurocritically-ill patients (56 % vs. 43 %, p 0.001), in TBI (44.5 % vs. 33.3 %, p 0.007), and in SAH (38.1 % vs. 21.3 %, p < 000.1). For delayed cerebral ischemia (DCI), more NIs target cardiac index (CI) (35 % vs. 21 %, p 0.0001), and fluid responsiveness (62 % vs. 53 %, p 0.03), use more bedside ultrasound (BUS) (42 % vs. 29 %, p 0.005) and arterial waveform analysis (40 % vs. 29 %, p 0.02). For DCI neuromonitoring, NIs use more angiography (57 % vs. 43 %, p 0.004), TCD (46 % vs. 38 %, p 0.0001), and CTP (32 % vs.16 %, p 0.0001). For CPP optimization in TBI, NIs use more arterial waveform analysis (45 % vs. 35 %, p 0.019), and BUS (37 % vs. 27.7 %, p 0.023), while more OIs monitor mixed venous oxygen saturation (54.1 % vs. 45 %, p 0.045). For TBI neuromonitoring, NIs use more PbtO 2 (28 % vs. 10 %, p 0.0001). In the case scenario of raised ICP/low PbtO 2 , most employ analgosedation (47 %) and osmotherapy (38 %). Fewer make use of preserved pressure reactivity, particularly OIs (vasopressor use 23 % vs. 34 %, p 0.014).Conclusions There is large heterogeneity in the use of monitoring protocols, variables, and technologies/devices. ""Neurointensivists"" not only employ more neuromonitoring but also more hemodynamic monitoring in patients with acute brain injury. ICP/CPP remain the most commonly followed neuro-variables in TBI patients, with low use of other brain-physiology parameters, suggesting that clinicians make limited efforts to individualize these goals.A prospective observational pilot study of cerebral autoregulation measured by near infrared spectroscopy (NIRS) in patients with septic shock





Runtime monitors for rich specification languages are sophisticated algorithms, especially when they are heavily optimized. To gain trust in them and safely explore the space of possible optimizations, it is important to verify the monitors themselves. We describe the development and correctness proof in Isabelle/HOL of a monitor for metric first-order dynamic logic. This monitor significantly extends previous work on formally verified monitors by supporting aggregations, regular expressions (the dynamic part), and optimizations including multi-way joins adopted from databases and a new sliding window algorithm.




Contact tracing is a well-established and effective approach for containment of spread of infectious diseases. While bluetoothbased contact tracing method using phones have become popular recently, these approaches suffer from the need for a critical mass of adoption in order to be effective. In this paper, we present WifiTrace, a network-centric approach for contact tracing that relies on passive WiFi sensing with no client-side involvement. Our approach exploits WiFi network logs gathered by enterprise networks for performance and security monitoring and utilizes it for reconstructing device trajectories for contact tracing. Our approach is specifically designed to enhance the efficacy of traditional methods, rather than to supplant it with a new technology. We design an efficient graph algorithm to scale our approach to large networks with tens of thousands of users. We have implemented a full prototype of our system and deployed it on two large university campuses. We validate our approach and demonstrate its efficacy using case studies and detailed experiments using real-world WiFi datasets.





In December 2019, the coronavirus disease 2019 pandemic caused by the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus-2 (SARS-CoV-2) was first reported in the Hubei province of China and later spread all over the world. There was an urgent need of a high-throughput molecular test for screening the COVID-19 patients in the community. The Luminex NxTAG CoV extended panel is a high-throughput FDA emergency use-authorized molecular diagnostic assay for SARS-CoV-2 detection. This system targets three genes (ORF1ab, N, and E genes) of SARS-CoV-2, the ORF1ab region of SARS-CoV, and the ORF5 region of MERS-CoV. In this study, we evaluated the diagnostic performance of this system with nasopharyngeal swab specimens of 214 suspected COVID-19 patients in Hong Kong. The results were compared with our routine COVID-19 reverse transcription-PCR (RT-PCR) protocol with a LightMix SarbecoV E-gene kit and an in-house RdRp/Hel RT-PCR assay. The NxTAG CoV extended panel demonstrated 97.8% sensitivity and 100% specificity to SARS-CoV-2 in nasopharyngeal specimens. On low-viral load specimens, the sensitivity of the NxTAG panel could still maintain at 85.71%. Strong agreement was observed between the NxTAG panel and the routine COVID-19 RT-PCR protocol (kappa value ϭ 0.98). Overall, the E gene target of the NxTAG panel demonstrated the highest sensitivity among the three SARS-CoV-2 targets, while the N gene targets demonstrated the least. In conclusion, the NxTAG CoV extended panel is simple to use, and it has high diagnostic sensitivity and specificity to SARS-CoV-2 in nasopharyngeal specimens. We recommend this diagnostic system for high-throughput COVID-19 screening in the community.





Recent outbreak of novel coronavirus and its rapid pandemic escalation in all over the world has drawn the attention to urgent need for effective drug development. However, due to prolonged vaccine and drug development procedure against a newly emerged devastating SARS-CoV-2 virus pathogen, repurposing of existing potential pertinent drug molecules would be preferable strategy to reduce mortality immediately and further development of new drugs to combat overall global Covid-19 crisis in all over the world. Herein, we have filtered 23 prospective drug candidates through literature review. Assessing evidences from molecular docking studies, it was clearly seen that, Epirubicin, Vapreotida, and Saquinavir exhibited better binding affinity against SARS-CoV-2 Main Protease than other drug molecules among the 23 potential inhibitors. However, 50 ns molecular dynamics simulation indicated the less mobile nature of the docked complex maintaining structural integrity. Our overall prediction findings indicate that Epirubicin, Vapreotida, and Saquinavir may inhibit COVID-19 by synergistic interactions in the active cavity and those results can pave the way in drug discovery although it has to be further validated by in-vitro and in-vivo investigations.ARTICLE HISTORY




Infection with West Nile virus and dengue virus, two mosquito-borne flaviviruses, is enhanced by two calcium-dependent lectins: dendritic cell-specific intercellular adhesion molecule-3-grabbing nonintegrin (DC-SIGN), and its related molecule (DC-SIGNR). The present study examined the relationship between Japanese encephalitis virus (JEV) infection and three lectins: DC-SIGN, DC-SIGNR, and liver sinusoidal endothelial cell lectin (LSECtin). Expression of DC-SIGNR resulted in robust JEV proliferation in a lymphoid cell line, Daudi cells, which was otherwise non-permissive to infection. DC-SIGN expression caused moderate JEV proliferation, with effects that varied according to the cells in which JEV was prepared. LSECtin expression had comparatively minor, but consistent, effects, in all cell types used in JEV preparation. While DC-SIGN/DC-SIGNR-mediated JEV infection was inhibited by yeast mannan, LSECtin-mediated infection was inhibited by N-acetylglucosamine b1-2 mannose. Although involvement of DC-SIGN/DC-SIGNR in infection seems to be a common characteristic, this is the first report on usage of LSECtin in mosquitoborne flavivirus infection.






The life cycle of Vairirnorpha necatrix was studied by electron microscopy. Disporous development has two distinct stages: 1) diplokaryotic meronts which are actively mitotic, and 2) diplokaryotic sporonts which are distinguished by reduced ribosome density and a thickened plasmalemma. After final division of the sporont, sporoblasts form spores which are ovocylindrical and measure 4.4 * 0.08 x 2.3 * 0.05 pm (mean f SE). Octosporous development results in eight haploid spores being formed in a sporophorous vesicle. The uninucleate octospores were smaller than the binucleate dispores and the exospore was thicker but less crenulate in outline. Early in octosporogony, tubules are produced from the sporont plasmalemma and electron-dense material accumulates in the episporontal space. The latter may be amorphous, vesiculated, or vacuolated in appearance and in later stages may take a stacked, lamellar form. At sporoblast formation, exospore material coats the plasmalemma and attached tubules; all inclusions in the episporontal space gradually disappear as spores are formed. These secretory products may have application to taxonomic distinction at the species level.





Human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection represents one of the major health threats in the developing world. The costly treatment of infected individuals with multiple highly efficient anti-HIV drugs is only affordable in industrialized countries. Thus, an efficient vaccination strategy is required to prevent the further spread of the infection. The molecular biology of coronaviruses and particular features of the human coronavirus 229E (HCoV 229E) indicate that HCoV 229E-based vaccine vectors can become a new class of highly efficient vaccines. First, the receptor of HCoV 229E, human aminopeptidase N (hAPN or CD13) is expressed mainly on human dendritic cells (DCs) and macrophages indicating that targeting of HCoV 229E-based vectors to professional antigen presenting cells can be achieved by receptor-mediated transduction. Second, HCoV 229E structural genes can be replaced by multiple transcriptional units encoding various antigens. These virus-like particles (VLPs) containing HCoV 229E-based vector RNA have the ability to transduce human DCs and to mediate heterologous gene expression in these cells. Finally, coronavirus infections are associated with mainly respiratory and enteric diseases, and natural transmission of coronaviruses occurs via mucosal surfaces. In humans, HCoV 229E causes common cold by infecting the upper respiratory tract. HCoV 229E infections are mainly encountered in children and re-infection occurs frequently in adults. It is thus most likely that pre-existing immunity against HCoV 229E will not significantly impact on the vaccination efficiency if HCoV 229E-based vectors are used in humans.





Cardiovascular complication in patients affected by novel Coronavirus respiratory disease are increasingly recognized. However, although a cardiac tropism of SARS-CoV-2 for inflammatory cells in autopsy heart samples of COVID-19 patients has been reported, the presence of the virus in cardiomyocytes has not been documented yet.We investigated for SARS-CoV-2 presence in heart tissue autopsies of 6 consecutive COVID-19 patients deceased for respiratory failure showing no signs of cardiac involvement and with no history of heart disease. Cardiac autopsy samples were analysed by digital PCR, Western blot, immunohistochemistry, immunofluorescence, RNAScope, and transmission electron microscopy assays.The presence of SARS-CoV-2 into cardiomyocytes was invariably detected. A variable pattern of cardiomyocytes injury was observed, spanning from the absence of cell death and subcellular alterations hallmarks to the intracellular oedema and sarcomere ruptures. In addition, we found active viral transcription in cardiomyocytes, by detecting both sense and antisense SARS-CoV-2 spike RNA.In this analysis of autopsy cases, the presence of SARS-CoV-2 into cardiomyocytes, determining variable patterns of intracellular involvement, has been documented. All these findings suggest the need of a cardiologic surveillance even in survived COVID-19 patients not displaying a cardiac phenotype, in order to monitor potential long-term cardiac sequelae.. CC-BY 4.0 International license It is made available under a is the author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. (which was not certified by peer review)




As the COVID-19 pandemic unfolds, radiology imaging is playing an increasingly vital role in determining therapeutic options, patient management, and research directions. Publicly available data are essential to drive new research into disease etiology, early detection, and response to therapy. In response to the COVID-19 crisis, the National Cancer Institute (NCI) has extended the Cancer Imaging Archive (TCIA) to include COVID-19 related images. Rural populations are one population at risk for underrepresentation in such public repositories. We have published in TCIA a collection of radiographic and CT imaging studies for patients who tested positive for COVID-19 in the state of Arkansas. A set of clinical data describes each patient including demographics, comorbidities, selected lab data and key radiology findings. These data are cross-linked to SARS-COV-2 cDNA sequence data extracted from clinical isolates from the same population, uploaded to the GenBank repository. We believe this collection will help to address population imbalance in COVID-19 data by providing samples from this normally underrepresented population.




The lesser mealworm, Alphitobius diaperinus (Panzer), is an important pest in poultry facilities. The toxicity of cyfluthrin and tetrachlorvinphos to five strains of the lesser mealworm was compared with the toxicity to a susceptible laboratory strain. Bioassays were carried out with both larvae and adults. For the susceptible strain, cyfluthrin and tetrachlorvinphos had similar toxicity to adults, but cyfluthrin was 5 times more toxic to larvae when compared with tetrachlorvinphos. High levels of resistance to tetrachlorvinphos in two beetle strains were detected in both larvae and adults, although these strains were heterogeneous and still contained susceptible individuals. Resistance to cyfluthrin ranged from 1.7-to 9.5-fold for adults and from 0.5-to 29-fold for larvae at the LC 95 . Overall, the patterns of resistance did not mirror the insecticide use patterns reported at these facilities. The implications of these results to management of the lesser mealworms are discussed.




COVID-19 presents a great threat to public health worldwide and the infectious agent SARS-CoV-2 is currently the target of much research aiming at inhibition. The virus' main protease is a dimeric enzyme that has only recently begun to be thoroughly described, opening the door for virtual screening more broadly. Here, a PAIN-filtered flavonoid database was screened against four sites of the protease: a free (normal) conformation of the Substrate Binding Site (NSBS), an induced-fit state of the SBS (ISBS), a Dimerization Site (DS) and a Cryptic Site (CS). The mean binding energy of the top five ligands from each site were -9.52, -11.512, -7.042 and -10.348 kcal/mol for the NSBS, the ISBS, the DS and the CS, respectively. For the DS and CS, these top five compounds were selected as candidates to bind their respective site. In the case of SBS, the top 30 ligands with the lowest binding energies from NSBS and ISBS were contrasted and the ones present in both lists were selected as the final candidates. The final list was: Dorsilurin E




Phone/fax : +39 050 996541. Word count (abstract): 40. Word count (body): 523.




Objectives Considering recent shifts in global funding landscapes, this study analyzes Canada's long-term global health research funding trends in the hope of informing a new Canadian global health research strategy. Examining past investments can help prioritize limited future resources to either build on Canada's existing strengths or fill gaps where needed, while simultaneously informing the investments of research funders in other countries. Methods Administrative data were analyzed covering all 1584 global health research grants awarded by the Canadian Institutes of Health Research (CIHR) to 927 unique principal investigators from 2000 to 2016, totalling C$341 million. Existing metadata associated with each grant was supplemented by additional qualitative coding. Descriptive time-series analyses of global health research grant data were conducted using various measures related to each grant's recipient (e.g., province, university, sex, distribution) and subject matter (e.g., research theme, area, focus). Results CIHR's total annual global health research funding increased sharply from $3.6 million in FY2000/2001 to $30.3 million in FY2015/2016, with the largest share of research funding now focused on health equity-representing nearly 50% of CIHR's global health research funding. Past grants have concentrated on infectious disease and public health research. One third of CIHR's global health grant funding went to 20 principal investigators. Only 42.2% of global health research funding came from CIHR's open investigator-driven competitions, with the rest coming from strategic priority-driven competitions. Conclusion Global health research has seen steady increases in funding from CIHR's open competitions when preceded by investment in strategic competitions, which suggests the level of a national research funding agency's strategic investments in global health research may determine the size of the field in their country. The greatest concentration of past investment lies in health equity research, followed by infectious disease research. Future analyses of research funding would benefit from an internationally accepted keyword classification scheme and more granular administrative data.Objectifs Étant donné les changements récents dans la conjoncture mondiale du financement, nous analysons les tendances à long terme du financement de la recherche en santé mondiale du Canada dans l'espoir d'éclairer une nouvelle stratégie canadienne de recherche en santé mondiale. L'examen des investissements passés peut contribuer à déterminer s'il faut consacrer les ressources futures limitées à miser sur les forces existantes du Canada ou à combler les lacunes si nécessaire, tout en jetant un éclairage sur les investissements dans la recherche des bailleurs de fonds d'autres pays. Méthode Nous avons analysé les données administratives des 1 584 subventions de recherche en santé mondiale, d'une valeur totale de 341 M$ CA, octroyées par les Instituts de recherche en santé du Canada (IRSC) à 927 chercheurs en chef individuels entre 2000 et 2016. Les métadonnées existantes associées à chaque subvention ont été complétées par un codage qualitatif. Des analyses descriptives des séries chronologiques des données sur les subventions de recherche en santé mondiale ont été effectuées à l'aide de divers indicateurs, liés à chaque bénéficiaire de subventions (p. ex. province, université, sexe, répartition) et au sujet traité (p. ex. sujet, domaine, axe de recherche). Résultats Le financement annuel total de la recherche en santé mondiale par les IRSC a connu une forte augmentation, passant de 3,6 M$ en 2000-2001 à 30,3 M$ en 2015-2016, la plus grande proportion du financement de la recherche étant maintenant consacrée à l'équité en santéqui représente près de 50 % du financement de la recherche en santé mondiale des IRSC. Les subventions passées se concentraient sur la recherche sur les maladies infectieuses et la recherche en santé publique. Le tiers du financement des subventions de recherche en santé mondiale des IRSC est allé à 20 chercheurs en chef. Seulement 42,2 % du financement de la recherche en santé mondiale est venu des concours de subventions ouverts des IRSC, et le reste, des concours stratégiques priorisés. Conclusion Le financement de la recherche en santé mondiale venant des concours ouverts des IRSC augmente de façon soutenue quand il est précédé par des investissements dans les concours stratégiques, ce qui est signe que le niveau d'investissements stratégiques dans la recherche en santé mondiale d'un organisme national de financement de la recherche peut déterminer l'ampleur du champ dans son pays. La plus forte concentration d'investissements passés est allée à la recherche sur l'équité en santé, suivie par la recherche sur les maladies infectieuses. Il serait bon que les futures analyses du financement de la recherche utilisent un système de classification des mots-clés mondialement accepté et des données administratives plus granulaires.




Seasonal influenza remains a major health burden in the United States. Despite recommendations of early antiviral treatment of high-risk patients, the effective treatment coverage remains very low. We developed an influenza transmission model that incorporates data on infectious viral load, social contact, and healthcare-seeking behavior, to evaluate the population-level impact of increasing antiviral treatment timeliness and coverage among high-risk patients in the US. We found that increasing the rate of early treatment among high-risk patients who received treatment more than 48 hours after symptoms onset, would substantially avert infections and influenza-induced hospitalizations. We found that treatment of the elderly has the highest impact on reducing hospitalizations, whereas treating high-risk individuals aged 5-19 years old has the highest impact on transmission. The population-level impact of increased timeliness and coverage of treatment among high-risk patients was observed regardless of seasonal influenza vaccination coverage and the severity of the influenza season.All rights reserved. No reuse allowed without permission.




Please cite this article as: B-n. Ma, X-j. Li, Resveratrol extracted from Chinese herbal medicines: A novel therapeutic strategy for lung diseases, Chinese Herbal Medicines (2020), doi: https://doi.Lung diseases and their related complications represent a critical source of morbidity and mortality globally and have become a research focus in recent years.There are plenty of hazards that threaten the health of lung by exposure to external environmental stimuli, such as dust, cigarette smoke, PM2.5, air pollution and pathogen infection. These risks lead to the impairment of lung function and subsequent lung diseases including pneumonia, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), asthma and idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF). Compared with antibiotics and corticosteroids therapies, traditional Chinese medicine prescriptions are more effective with fewer side effects. A considerable variety of bioactive ingredients have been extracted and identified from Chinese herbal medicines and are used for the treatment of different lung diseases, including resveratrol. Increasing studies have reported promising therapeutic effects of resveratrol against lung diseases by inhibiting oxidative stress, inflammation, aging, fibrosis and cancer both in vitro and in vivo. In this review, the recent progress in the studies of lung-protective effects and underlying mechanisms of resveratrol and also highlight the potency of resveratrol and traditional Chinese prescriptions containing resveratrol as promising therapeutic options were summarized for the treatment of lung and respiratory diseases. Traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) is an important source of clinical therapies and consists of different medicine formulas, including plant medicines, animal medicines and mineral medicines. Thus far, several traditional Chinese medicineprescriptions and active ingredients from herbal medicines have been applied to prevent acute or chronic lung diseases. Considerable research efforts have been devoted to plant medicines, which are not only directly used as therapeutic agents but also significant sources for pharmacological drug investigation and development. . Resveratrol protects human bronchial epithelial cells against nickel-induced toxicity via suppressing p38 MAPK, NF-kappaB signaling, and NLRP3 inflammasome activation.








γδ T cells play uniquely important roles in stress surveillance and immunity for infections and carcinogenesis. Human γδ T cells recognize and kill transformed cells independently of human leukocyte antigen (HLA) restriction, which is an essential feature of conventional αβ T cells. Vγ9Vδ2 γδ T cells, which prevail in the peripheral blood of healthy adults, are activated by microbial or endogenous tumor-derived pyrophosphates by a mechanism dependent on butyrophilin molecules. γδ T cells expressing other T cell receptor variable genes, notably Vδ1, are more abundant in mucosal tissue. In addition to the T cell receptor, γδ T cells usually express activating natural killer (NK) receptors, such as NKp30, NKp44, or NKG2D which binds to stress-inducible surface molecules that are absent on healthy cells but are frequently expressed on malignant cells. Therefore, γδ T cells are endowed with at least two independent recognition systems to sense tumor cells and to initiate anticancer effector mechanisms, including cytokine production and cytotoxicity. In view of their HLA-independent potent antitumor activity, there has been increasing interest in translating the unique potential of γδ T cells into innovative cellular cancer immunotherapies. Here, we discuss recent developments to enhance the efficacy of γδ T cell-based immunotherapy. This includes strategies for in vivo activation and tumortargeting of γδ T cells, the optimization of in vitro expansion protocols, and the development of gene-modified γδ T cells. It is equally important to consider potential synergisms with other therapeutic strategies, notably checkpoint inhibitors, chemotherapy, or the (local) activation of innate immunity.




Bovine torovirus (BToV), a member of the Coronaviridae family, is an established gastrointestinal infectious agent in cattle. No epidemiological research on BToV has been reported from Japan. In this study, we performed a survey to detect BToV in Japan in 2004 and 2005 using 231 fecal samples (167 from diarrheic cattle and 64 from asymptomatic cattle) that were analyzed by nested reverse transcription (RT) PCR using primers located in the consensus sequences of the reported BToV nucleocapsid (N), membrane (M), and spike (S) genes. BToV N, M, and S genes were detected in 6.5% (15/231), 6.1% (14/231), and 5.6% (13/231) of samples by nested-RT-PCR, respectively. In conclusion, detectability was improved compared to the results of the first round of RT-PCR. BToV was detected at a significantly higher rate in diarrheic samples than in asymptomatic samples (14/167 diarrheic samples [8.4%] and 1/64 asymptomatic samples [1.6%]), suggesting that BToV may act as a risk factor for diarrhea in Japanese cattle. The nucleotide sequence of M fragments from the BToV isolates including the newly identified Japanese isolates showed more than 97% identity. A similar degree of homology was observed in the N gene fragment among BToV isolates with the exception of BRV-1 and BRV-2. Domestic samples were classified into three clusters by phylogenetic analysis of the S gene fragment, which were considerably correlated with the geographic origin of the samples. BToV positive areas did not adjoin each other but were spread across a wide range, suggesting that BToV exists conventionally in Japan and is geographically differentiated. We also developed an RFLP method to distinguish these clusters using two restriction enzymes, HaeIII and AccI. This method should be useful for comparing newly acquired BToV-positive samples with the reported BToVs.




Development of novel antiviral molecules from the beginning costs an average of $350 million to $2 billion per drug, and the journey from the laboratory to the clinic takes about 10-15 years. Utilization of drug repurposing approaches has generated substantial interest in order to overcome these drawbacks. A drastic reduction in the failure rate, which otherwise is~92%, is achieved with the drug repurposing approach. The recent exploration of the drug repurposing approach to combat the COVID-19 pandemic has further validated the fact that it is more beneficial to reinvestigate the in-practice drugs for a new application instead of designing novel drugs. The first successful example of drug repurposing is zidovudine (AZT), which was developed as an anti-cancer agent in the 1960s and was later approved by the US FDA as an anti-HIV therapeutic drug in the late 1980s after fast track clinical trials. Since that time, the drug repurposing approach has been successfully utilized to develop effective therapeutic strategies against a plethora of diseases. Hence, an extensive application of the drug repurposing approach will not only help to fight the current pandemics more efficiently but also predict and prepare for newly emerging viral infections. In this review, we discuss in detail the drug repurposing approach and its advancements related to viral infections such as Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV) and Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2).




Regulation of gene expression is one of several roles proposed for the stress-induced nucleotide diadenosine tetraphosphate (Ap 4 A). We have examined this directly by a comparative RNA-Seq analysis of KBM-7 chronic myelogenous leukemia cells and KBM-7 cells in which the NUDT2 Ap 4 A hydrolase gene had been disrupted (NuKO cells), causing a 175fold increase in intracellular Ap 4 A. 6,288 differentially expressed genes were identified with P < 0.05. Of these, 980 were up-regulated and 705 down-regulated in NuKO cells with a fold-change 2. Ingenuity 1 Pathway Analysis (IPA 1 ) was used to assign these genes to known canonical pathways and functional networks. Pathways associated with interferon responses, pattern recognition receptors and inflammation scored highly in the down-regulated set of genes while functions associated with MHC class II antigens were prominent among the up-regulated genes, which otherwise showed little organization into major functional gene sets. Tryptophan catabolism was also strongly down-regulated as were numerous genes known to be involved in tumor promotion in other systems, with roles in the epithelial-mesenchymal transition, proliferation, invasion and metastasis. Conversely, some pro-apoptotic genes were up-regulated. Major upstream factors predicted by IPA 1 for gene down-regulation included NFκB, STAT1/2, IRF3/4 and SP1 but no major factors controlling gene up-regulation were identified. Potential mechanisms for gene regulation mediated by Ap 4 A and/or NUDT2 disruption include binding of Ap 4 A to the HINT1 co-repressor, autocrine activation of purinoceptors by Ap 4 A, chromatin remodeling, effects of NUDT2 loss on transcript stability, and inhibition of ATP-dependent regulatory factors such as protein kinases by Ap 4 A. Existing evidence favors the last of these as the most probable mechanism. Regardless, our results suggest that the NUDT2 protein could be a novel cancer chemotherapeutic target, with its inhibition potentially exerting strong anti-tumor effects via multiple pathways involving metastasis, invasion, immunosuppression and apoptosis.




In a human-centered intelligent manufacturing system, every element is to assist the operator in achieving the optimal operational performance. The primary task of developing such a human-centered system is to accurately understand human behavior. In this paper, we propose a fog computing framework for assembly operation recognition, which brings computing power close to the data source in order to achieve real-time recognition. For data collection, the operator's activity is captured using visual cameras from different perspectives. For operation recognition, instead of directly building and training a deep learning model from scratch, which needs a huge amount of data, transfer learning is applied to transfer the learning abilities to our application. A worker assembly operation dataset is established, which at present contains 10 sequential operations in an assembly task of installing a desktop CNC machine. The developed transfer learning model is evaluated on this dataset and achieves a recognition accuracy of 95% in the testing experiments.In a human-centered intelligent manufacturing system, every element is to assist the operator in achieving the optimal operational performance. The primary task of developing such a human-centered system is to accurately understand human behavior. In this paper, we propose a fog computing framework for assembly operation recognition, which brings computing power close to the data source in order to achieve real-time recognition. For data collection, the operator's activity is captured using visual cameras from different perspectives. For operation recognition, instead of directly building and training a deep learning model from scratch, which needs a huge amount of data, transfer learning is applied to transfer the learning abilities to our application. A worker assembly operation dataset is established, which at present contains 10 sequential operations in an assembly task of installing a desktop CNC machine. The developed transfer learning model is evaluated on this dataset and achieves a recognition accuracy of 95% in the testing experiments.In a human-centered intelligent manufacturing system, every element is to assist the operator in achieving the optimal operational performance. The primary task of developing such a human-centered system is to accurately understand human behavior. In this paper, we propose a fog computing framework for assembly operation recognition, which brings computing power close to the data source in order to achieve real-time recognition. For data collection, the operator's activity is captured using visual cameras from different perspectives. For operation recognition, instead of directly building and training a deep learning model from scratch, which needs a huge amount of data, transfer learning is applied to transfer the learning abilities to our application. A worker assembly operation dataset is established, which at present contains 10 sequential operations in an assembly task of installing a desktop CNC machine. The developed transfer learning model is evaluated on this dataset and achieves a recognition accuracy of 95% in the testing experiments.In a human-centered intelligent manufacturing system, every element is to assist the operator in achieving the optimal operational performance. The primary task of developing such a human-centered system is to accurately understand human behavior. In this paper, we propose a fog computing framework for assembly operation recognition, which brings computing power close to the data source in order to achieve real-time recognition. For data collection, the operator's activity is captured using visual cameras from different perspectives. For operation recognition, instead of directly building and training a deep learning model from scratch, which needs a huge amount of data, transfer learning is applied to transfer the learning abilities to our application. A worker assembly operation dataset is established, which at present contains 10 sequential operations in an assembly task of installing a desktop CNC machine. The developed transfer learning model is evaluated on this dataset and achieves a recognition accuracy of 95% in the testing experiments.In a human-centered intelligent manufacturing system, every element is to assist the operator in achieving the optimal operational performance. The primary task of developing such a human-centered system is to accurately understand human behavior. In this paper, we propose a fog computing framework for assembly operation recognition, which brings computing power close to the data source in order to achieve real-time recognition. For data collection, the operator's activity is captured using visual cameras from different perspectives. For operation recognition, instead of directly building and training a deep learning model from scratch, which needs a huge amount of data, transfer learning is applied to transfer the learning abilities to our application. A worker assembly operation dataset is established, which at present contains 10 sequential operations in an assembly task of installing a desktop CNC machine. The developed transfer learning model is evaluated on this dataset and achieves a recognition accuracy of 95% in the testing experiments.In a human-centered intelligent manufacturing system, every element is to assist the operator in achieving the optimal operational performance. The primary task of developing such a human-centered system is to accurately understand human behavior. In this paper, we propose a fog computing framework for assembly operation recognition, which brings computing power close to the data source in order to achieve real-time recognition. For data collection, the operator's activity is captured using visual cameras from different perspectives. For operation recognition, instead of directly building and training a deep learning model from scratch, which needs a huge amount of data, transfer learning is applied to transfer the learning abilities to our application. A worker assembly operation dataset is established, which at present contains 10 sequential operations in an assembly task of installing a desktop CNC machine. The developed transfer learning model is evaluated on this dataset and achieves a recognition accuracy of 95% in the testing experiments.




Background: Human polyomaviruses (HPyV) infections cause mostly unapparent or mild primary infections, followed by lifelong nonpathogenic persistence. HPyV, and specifically JCPyV, are known to co-diverge with their host, implying a slow rate of viral evolution and a large timescale of virus/host co-existence. Recent bio-informatic reports showed a large level of peptide homology between JCPyV and the human proteome. In this study, the antibody response to PyV peptides is evaluated. Methods: The in-silico analysis of the HPyV proteome was followed by peptide microarray serology. A HPyV-peptide microarray containing 4,284 peptides was designed and covered 10 polyomavirus proteomes. Plasma samples from 49 healthy subjects were tested against these peptides. Results: In-silico analysis of all possible HPyV 5-mer amino acid sequences were compared to the human proteome, and 1,609 unique motifs are presented. Assuming a linear epitope being as small as a pentapeptide, on average 9.3% of the polyomavirus proteome is unique and could be recognized by the host as non-self. Small t Ag (stAg) contains a significantly higher percentage of unique pentapeptides. Experimental evidence for the presence of antibodies against HPyV 15-mer peptides in healthy subjects resulted in the following observations: i) antibody responses against stAg were significantly elevated, and against viral protein 2 (VP2) significantly reduced; and ii) there was a significant correlation between the increasing number of embedded unique HPyV penta-peptides and the increase in microarray fluorescent signal. Conclusion: The anti-peptide HPyV-antibodies in healthy subjects are preferably directed against the penta-peptide derived unique fraction of the viral proteome.




Inclusion of game elements in learning environments to increase motivation and learning outcome is becoming increasingly popular. However, underlying mechanisms of gamebased learning have not been studied sufficiently yet. In the present study, we investigated effects of game-based learning environments on a neurofunctional level. In particular, 59 healthy adults completed a game-based version (including game elements such as a narrative and virtual incentives) as well as a non-game-based version of a number line estimation task, to improve fractional knowledge, while their brain activity was monitored using nearinfrared spectroscopy. Behavioral performance was comparable across the two versions, although there was a tendency that less errors were made in the game-based version. However, subjective user experience differed significantly between versions. Participants rated the game-based version as more attractive, novel, and stimulating but less efficient than the non-game-based version. Additionally, positive affect was reported to be higher while engaging in the game-based as compared to the non-game-based task version. Corroborating these user reports, we identified increased brain activation in areas associated with emotion and reward processing while playing the game-based version, which might be driven by rewarding elements of the game-based version. Moreover, frontal areas associated with attention were also more activated in the game-based version of the task. Hence, we observed converging evidence on a user experience and neurofunctional level indicating that the game-based version was more rewarding as well as emotionally and attentionally engaging. These results underscore the potential of game-based learning environments to promote more efficient learning by means of attention and reward up-tuning. to request the data. With an approval of the Ethics Committee of the University of Graz, we confirmGame-based learning and brain activity PLOS ONE | https://doi.org/10.





SARS-CoV-2 is a rapidly evolving pandemic causing great morbimortality. Medical therapy with hydroxicloroquine, azitromycin and protease inhibitors is being empirically used, with reported data of QTc interval prolongation. Our aim is to assess QT interval behaviour in a not critically ill and not monitored cohort of patients. We evaluated admitted and ambulatory patients with COVID-19 patients with 12 lead electrocardiogram at 48 h after treatment initiation. Other clinical and analytical variables were collected. Statistical analysis was performed to assess the magnitude of the QT interval prolongation under treatment and to identify clinical, analytical and electrocardiographic risk markers of QT prolongation independent predictors. We included 219 patients (mean age of 63.6 ± 17.4 years, 48.9% were women and 16.4% were outpatients. The median baseline QTc was 416 ms (IQR 404-433), and after treatment QTc was prolonged to 423 ms (405-438) (P < 0.001), with an average increase of 1.8%. Most of the patients presented a normal QTc under treatment, with only 31 cases (14.1%) showing a QTc interval > 460 ms, and just one case with QTc > 500 ms. Advanced age, longer QTc basal at the basal ECG and lower potassium levels were independent predictors of QTc interval prolongation. Ambulatory and not critically ill patients with COVID-19 treated with hydroxychloroquine, azithromycin and/or antiretrovirals develop a significant, but not relevant, QT interval prolongation.OPEN





This study aimed to descript the Belgian COVID-19 responses process according to the WHO's (World Health Organization) Health Emergency and Disaster Risk Management Framework (Health EDRM Framework) and to present the measures taken and epidemic impact in the different phases of COVID-19 in Belgium. The WHO's EDRM Framework was used for reviewing the Belgian Public health emergency preparedness and responses in the context of COVID-19. Information on the measures taken was collected through the literature review including all government's communication, reports, and scientific papers. All epidemic data were extracted from a national open database managed and published by the Sciensano. Additionally, two authors closely followed the Belgian situation since the beginning of the pandemic and updated the data every day. During the COVID-19 pandemic, the anti-epidemic strategy was mainly to avoid medical resources exceeding the upper limit. Belgium issued a series of emergency decrees to limit the spread of the virus. An existing structure of ""federal-region-municipal"" as the framework of public health emergency preparedness and response was adapted. The emergency response process in Belgium was divided into four phases: information-evaluation-coordination-decision-making at the region level and the final decision-making at the federal level. Belgium also implemented a phased plan in the process of setting up and lifting the lockdown. However, it was vulnerable in early response, due to the shortage of medical equipment supplies in general, and more particularly for the long term care facilities (LTCFs). Belgium has achieved an intensive cooperation between stakeholders based on an existing multisectoral emergency organization framework. Legislation, medical insurance, and good communication also played a role in limiting the spread of viruses. However, the authorities underestimated the risk of an epidemic and did not take quarantine measures among people suspected affected by SARS-COV-2 in the early stages, resulting in insufficient medical equipment supply and a large number of deaths in the LTCF. The implementation of the lockdown measure in Belgium also encountered obstacles. The lockdown and its exit strategy were both closely related to the pandemic situation and social and economic life. The authorities should strengthen information management, improve the public awareness of the measures, and find out the balance points between the social and economic life and infection control measures.






Background: Viral respiratory tract infections (VRI) are a major reason for hospitalization in children younger than 5 years. A case control study was conducted to investigate the potential role of breastfeeding in protecting children <1 year of age from VRI.Methods: Patients admitted for a respiratory tract infections routinely underwent a nasopharyngeal aspirate, which was tested with an RT-PCR for 14 respiratory viruses. Hospitalized infants positive for viruses were enrolled as cases; healthy controls were enrolled among patients admitted for ultrasound hip screening. The effect of breastfeeding on pertussis was investigated through multivariable analysis.We enrolled a total of 496 patients: 238 cases and 258 healthy controls. Among cases, eighty-six patients (36.1%) had a rinovirus, 78 (32.8%) an RSV, 22 (9.2%) an adenovirus, and 37 (15.5%) a coinfections with multiple viruses. The number of households was significantly higher in cases (mean in cases 4.5; mean 3.7 in controls, p < 0.001) and the proportion of infants having siblings (79% in cases vs. 43% in controls, p < 0.001). Proportion of smoking mothers was higher in cases than in controls (21.4 vs. 10.1%, p = 0.001). Among cases 44.5% were exclusively breastfed at symptoms onset vs. 48.8% of healthy controls. According to the multivariable analysis, being exclusively breastfed at symptom onset was associated with a higher risk of viral respiratory infection (3.7; 95% CI 1.64-8.41), however a longer breastfeeding duration was protective (OR 0.98; 95% CI 0.97-0.99). Also having at least one sibling was associated to a higher risk (OR 3.6; 95% CI 2.14-5.92) as well as having a smoking mother (OR 2.6; 95% CI 1.33-4.89).Conclusions: Breastfeeding remains a mainstay of prevention for numerous diseases and its protective role increases with duration. However, being breastfed when mothers carry a respiratory infection may increase the risk of transmission, acting as a proxy for closer contacts. In future studies, potential confounding variables as pattern of contacts with other individuals, should be taken into account.





Sequencing pathogen genomes is costly, demanding careful allocation of limited sequencing resources. We built a computational Sequencing Analysis Pipeline (SAP) to guide decisions regarding the amount of genomic sequencing necessary to develop high-quality diagnostic DNA and protein signatures. SAP uses simulations to estimate the number of target genomes and close phylogenetic relatives (near neighbors or NNs) to sequence. We use SAP to assess whether draft data are sufficient or finished sequencing is required using Marburg and variola virus sequences. Simulations indicate that intermediate to high-quality draft with error rates of 10 À3 -10 À5 ($83 coverage) of target organisms is suitable for DNA signature prediction. Low-quality draft with error rates of $1% (33 to 63 coverage) of target isolates is inadequate for DNA signature prediction, although low-quality draft of NNs is sufficient, as long as the target genomes are of high quality. For protein signature prediction, sequencing errors in target genomes substantially reduce the detection of amino acid sequence conservation, even if the draft is of high quality. In summary, high-quality draft of target and low-quality draft of NNs appears to be a cost-effective investment for DNA signature prediction, but may lead to underestimation of predicted protein signatures.




Amelanchier canadensis (L.) Medik., commonly called serviceberry, is a potential functional food that is also used for its medicinal purposes. This work evaluated the potential of a cultivated serviceberry species as a functional food by characterising its physicochemical characteristics, antioxidant capacity, vitamin C, phenolics and other phytochemicals selected as health-promoting biomarkers, using high-performance liquid chromatography. The most important compound class identified was polyphenols (62.10%), followed by organic acids (22.63%), monoterpenes (7.95%), and vitamins (7.32%). Results showed that serviceberry fruits could be good sources of phenolic constituents, as catechins (343.46 ± 29.46 mg/ 100 gFW), anthocyanins (220.66 ± 17.43 mg/100 gFW), and tannins (209.29 ± 7.81 mg/100 gFW) (FW = fresh weight). These results highlight the potential role of A. canadensis fruits as a functional food. Further studies are needed to identify several genotypes for breeding to get suitable cultivars for fresh consumption and processing.




Objective: To compare the effectiveness of self-collected and health care worker (HCW)-collected nasal swabs for detection of influenza viruses and determine the patients' preference for type of collection. Patients and Methods: We enrolled adult patients presenting with influenzalike illness to the Emergency Department at Mayo Clinic, Rochester, Minnesota, from January 28, 2011, through April 30, 2011. Patients self-collected a midturbinate nasal flocked swab from their right nostril following written instructions. A second swab was then collected by an HCW from the left nostril. Swabs were tested for influenza A and B viruses by real-time reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction, and percent concordance between collection methods was determined. Results: Of the 72 paired specimens analyzed, 25 were positive for influenza A or B RNA by at least one of the collection methods (34.7% positivity rate). When the 14 patients who had prior health care training were excluded, the qualitative agreement between collection methods was 94.8% (55 of 58). Two of the 58 specimens (3.4%) from patients without health care training were positive only by HCW collection, and 1 of 58 (1.7%) was positive only by patient self-collection. A total of 53.4% of patients (31 of 58) preferred the self-collection method over the HCW collection, and 25.9% (15 of 58) had no preference. Conclusion: Self-collected midturbinate nasal swabs provide a reliable alternative to HCW collection for influenza A and B virus real-time reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction.





This eye-opener article aims at introducing the health GIS community to the emerging online consumer geoinformatics services from Google and Microsoft (MSN), and their potential utility in creating custom online interactive health maps. Using the programmable interfaces provided by Google and MSN, we created three interactive demonstrator maps of England's Strategic Health Authorities. These can be browsed online at http://www.healthcybermap.org/GoogleMapsAPI/ -Google Maps API (Application Programming Interface) version, http://www.healthcybermap.org/ GoogleEarthKML/ -Google Earth KML (Keyhole Markup Language) version, and http:// www.healthcybermap.org/MSNVirtualEarth/ -MSN Virtual Earth Map Control version. Google and MSN's worldwide distribution of ""free"" geospatial tools, imagery, and maps is to be commended as a significant step towards the ultimate ""wikification"" of maps and GIS. A discussion is provided of these emerging online mapping trends, their expected future implications and development directions, and associated individual privacy, national security and copyrights issues. Although ESRI have announced their planned response to Google (and MSN), it remains to be seen how their envisaged plans will materialize and compare to the offerings from Google and MSN, and also how Google and MSN mapping tools will further evolve in the near future.







In this paper we develop an SEIR-type model of COVID-19, with account for two particular aspects: non-exponential distribution of incubation and recovery periods, as well as age structure of the population. For the mean-field model, which does not distinguish between different age groups, we demonstrate that including a more realistic Gamma distribution of incubation and recovery periods may not have an effect on the total number of deaths and the overall size of an epidemic, but it has a major effect in terms of increasing the peak numbers of infected and critical care cases, as well as on changing the timescales of an epidemic, both in terms of time to reach the peak, and the overall duration of an outbreak. In order to obtain more accurate estimates of disease progression and investigate different strategies for introducing and lifting the lockdown, we have also considered an age-structured version of the model, which has allowed us to include more accurate data on age-specific rates of hospitalisation and COVID-19 related mortality. Applying this model to three comparable neighbouring regions in the UK has delivered some fascinating insights regarding the effect of quarantine in regions with different population structure. We have discovered that for a fixed quarantine duration, the timing of its start is very important in the sense that the second epidemic wave after lifting the quarantine can be significantly smaller or larger depending on the specific population structure. Also, the later the fixed-duration quarantine is introduced, the smaller is the resulting final number of deaths at the end of the outbreak. When the quarantine is introduced simultaneously for all regions, increasing quarantine duration postpones and slightly reduces the epidemic peak, though without noticeable differences in peak magnitude between different quarantine durations. *





The Coronavirus Disease 2019 has resulted in catastrophic consequences in many aspects of life; including negative psychological effects. We aimed to assess the mental health status of a group of Saudi population during this pandemic. Also, we aimed to assess the effect of the intensive media coverage of the pandemic news on mental health status. A questionnaire was distributed online to test depression, anxiety, and stress (using the DASS-21 scale) and their relationship to certain variables. A total of 215 respondents were included. Higher mental health prevalence rates were reported in non-Saudi participants compared to Saudi ones (i.e., 50.74% vs. 30.40%; 34.23% vs. 13.51% and 59.70% vs. 27.70%; for depression, anxiety and stress, respectively). About 55.8% of the participants felt the extensive coverage in the media of COVID-19 news, which caused higher mental sufferings. Higher mental health prevalence rates were reported in females compared to males participants (i.e., 56.97% vs. 23.25%; 30.23% vs. 13.17% and 54.65% vs. 26.35%; for depression, anxiety and stress, respectively). Reasonable following of the COVID-19 news; and less exposure to the pandemic information could help in reducing the mental health issues related to the ongoing pandemic. Special care and attention should be paid to females and younger people who seem to be particularly affected during the era of COVID-19.




This is an open access article under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs License, which permits use and distribution in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited, the use is non-commercial and no modifications or adaptations are made.




Vibrio harveyi, which belongs to family Vibrionaceae of class Gammaproteobacteria, includes the species V. carchariae and V. trachuri as its junior synonyms. The organism is a well-recognized and serious bacterial pathogen of marine fish and invertebrates, including penaeid shrimp, in aquaculture. Diseased fish may exhibit a range of lesions, including eye lesions/blindness, gastro-enteritis, muscle necrosis, skin ulcers, and tail rot disease. In shrimp, V. harveyi is regarded as the etiological agent of luminous vibriosis in which affected animals glow in the dark. There is a second condition of shrimp known as Bolitas negricans where the digestive tract is filled with spheres of sloughed-off tissue. It is recognized that the pathogenicity mechanisms of V. harveyi may be different in fish and penaeid shrimp. In shrimp, the pathogenicity mechanisms involved the endotoxin lipopolysaccharide, and extracellular proteases, and interaction with bacteriophages. In fish, the pathogenicity mechanisms involved extracellular hemolysin (encoded by duplicate hemolysin genes), which was identified as a phospholipase B and could inactivate fish cells by apoptosis, via the caspase activation pathway. V. harveyi may enter the so-called viable but nonculturable (VBNC) state, and resuscitation of the VBNC cells may be an important reason for vibriosis outbreaks in aquaculture. Disease control measures center on dietary supplements (including probiotics), nonspecific immunostimulants, and vaccines and to a lesser extent antibiotics and other antimicrobial compounds.




Despite the common clinical presentations of the pandemic coronavirus disease of 2019 (COVID-19) being well-known, there remain issues on its atypical or rare presentations. Moreover, despite the known risk factors for severe COVID-19 are cardiovascular disease, diabetes mellitus, hypertension, chronic lung disease, and advanced age, still younger patients suffer from this disease. Herein, we present a case report of a 28-year-old female patient who was presented to the ED with cardiac arrest, then died within 12 hours. First swab testing by reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) came negative. However, she has typical CT features of COVID-19 pneumonia, along with an echocardiographic picture of acute cor pulmonale. Though it is rare, cardiac arrest can happen in young apparently healthy patients with COVID-19. As COVID-19 patients are commonly having clotting disorders, endothelial and organ dysfunction, coagulopathy, and liable for pulmonary thromboembolism (PTE), it is important to select those COVID-19 patients who are at higher risk of PTE, and practice CT pulmonary angiography (CTPA) for the diagnosis of PTE, especially in case of significant increase of D-dimer values.





BACKGROUND: The novel coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) constitutes a public health emergency globally. The number of infected people and deaths are proliferating every day, which is putting tremendous pressure on our social and healthcare system. Rapid detection of COVID-19 cases is a significant step to fight against this virus as well as release pressure off the healthcare system. OBJECTIVE: One of the critical factors behind the rapid spread of COVID-19 pandemic is a lengthy clinical testing time. The imaging tool, such as Chest X-ray (CXR), can speed up the identification process. Therefore, our objective is to develop an automated CAD system for the detection of COVID-19 samples from healthy and pneumonia cases using CXR images. METHODS: Due to the scarcity of the COVID-19 benchmark dataset, we have employed deep transfer learning techniques, where we examined 15 different pre-trained CNN models to find the most suitable one for this task. RESULTS: A total of 860 images (260 COVID-19 cases, 300 healthy and 300 pneumonia cases) have been employed to investigate the performance of the proposed algorithm, where 70% images of each class are accepted for training, 15% is used for validation, and rest is for testing. It is observed that the VGG19 obtains the highest classification accuracy of 89.3% with an average precision, recall, and F1 score of 0.90, 0.89, 0.90, respectively. CONCLUSION: This study demonstrates the effectiveness of deep transfer learning techniques for the identification of COVID-19 cases using CXR images.




All elective surgeries have been postponed at our institution starting 3/16/20 due to the COVID-19 pandemic. We assessed changes in hospital resource utilization and estimated the future backlog of cases in the colorectal surgery division of a large safety-net hospital.Patients undergoing colorectal procedures from 3/16/20 to 4/23/20 (COVID) were compared with those from January through June 2018 (historical). Resource utilization rates were calculated by weekly case volumes and hospital stay in each group. A future catch up timeframe and new wait times from scheduling to surgery dates were calculated.The COVID and historical groups included 13 and 239 patients, respectively. The COVID group showed a 74% relative decrease in weekly surgical case rates (9.2 to 2.4 patients per week). Both groups had similar lengths of stay. The COVID group had a longer average ICU stay (1.4 ± 2.5 days vs. 0.4 ± 1.2 days, P = 0.016) and a 132% increase in ICU resource utilization. Overall, the COVID group had a 48% relative decrease in hospital resource utilization, owing to reduced volume but higher acuity. If the surgery numbers returns to pre-COVID volumes, the calculated ""catch up"" times range from 4.6 weeks to 9.2 weeks. Wait times for new cases may increase by 70% compared with pre-COVID levels.Cancelling elective colorectal surgeries results in a decrease in overall but increase in ICU-specific resource utilization. Though necessary, cancellations result in an increasing backlog of cases that poses significant future logistical and clinical challenges in an already overburdened safety-net hospital. Effective triage systems will be critical to prioritize this backlog.





The COVID-19 coronavirus is one of the devastating viruses according to the world health organization. This novel virus leads to pneumonia, which is an infection that inflames the lungs' air sacs of a human. One of the methods to detect those inflames is by using x-rays for the chest. In this paper, a pneumonia chest x-ray detection based on generative adversarial networks (GAN) with a fine-tuned deep transfer learning for a limited dataset will be presented. The use of GAN positively affects the proposed model robustness and made it immune to the overfitting problem and helps in generating more images from the dataset. The dataset used in this research consists of 5863 X-ray images with two categories: Normal and Pneumonia. This research uses only 10% of the dataset for training data and generates 90% of images using GAN to prove the efficiency of the proposed model. Through the paper, AlexNet, GoogLeNet, Squeeznet, and Resnet18 are selected as deep transfer learning models to detect the pneumonia from chest xrays. Those models are selected based on their small number of layers on their architectures, which will reflect in reducing the complexity of the models and the consumed memory and time. Using a combination of GAN and deep transfer models proved it is efficiency according to testing accuracy measurement. The research concludes that the Resnet18 is the most appropriate deep transfer model according to testing accuracy measurement and achieved 99% with the other performance metrics such as precision, recall, and F1 score while using GAN as an image augmenter. Finally, a comparison result was carried out at the end of the research with related work which used the same dataset except that this research used only 10% of original dataset. The presented work achieved a superior result than the related work in terms of testing accuracy.




Owing to the break-out of the COVID-19 pandemic, students have to take more online learning than offline, and large-scale education assessment programs have to be suspended or postponed. How could education assessment adapt to large-scale online learning? How could the effect and safety of online assessment be improved? What role should formative assessment play in student admissions? How could different assessment results be linked? Reflections on and trends of the Chinese experiences are presented in this article. Based on cross-cultural comparison research, measures to be recommended are as follows: reviewing previous theories, improving existing methods continuously, and developing assessment techniques innovatively according to new application scenarios.





67 courses that have been ongoing for longer than 1 yr can be 68 safely terminated for high-risk NMIBC patients. Although 69 the European Association of Urology (EAU) guidelines [5] 70 recommend 3-weekly instillations at 3, 6, 12, 18, 24, 30, and 71 36 mo on the basis of European Organization for Research 72 and Treatment of Cancer data [6], the optimal schedule for 73 maintenance BCG remains unclear. Among high-risk NMIBC 74 patients, maintenance BCG reduces the rates of recurrence 75 and progression by approximately 15% and 4%, respectively 76 [4,7]. 77 3. Patients with suspected or confirmed COVID-19 78 Any patient with a suspicion of COVID-19 should be tested. 79 In the presence of confirmed COVID-19, a cautionary 80 approach would be to delay instillation of BCG given that 81 there are no data on tolerance of intravesical BCG among 82 COVID-19 patients. The median age (70 yr) and high 83 comorbidity status of patients diagnosed with NMIBC 84 increase their risk of developing a very severe form of 85 COVID-19 [2]. This could be associated with both more 86 adverse side effects of BCG and/or more severe forms of 87 COVID-19. On the basis of the previously described natural 88 history of COVID-19 [2], it is advisable to delay BCG 89 instillation for at least 3 wk after initial symptoms to allow 90 for complete recovery. 91 4. BCG vaccination and COVID-19 92 Recent theories suggest that use of BCG as a vaccination 93 could prevent COVID-19. This is based on the epidemiologi-94 cal observation that older patients are at higher risk of 95 COVID-19, especially severe forms, while younger patients 96 could be protected by BCG vaccination providing childhood 97 immunity that may last for approximately 20 yr [8]. In 98 addition, preclinical studies in mice have shown that BCG 99 vaccination could offer protection against various DNA and 100 RNA viruses via induction of innate immune memory and 101 heterologous lymphocyte activation [9]. Two randomized 102 controlled trials are currently testing BCG vaccination for 103 COVID-19 prevention in Australia (NCT04327206) and the 104 Netherlands (NCT04328441). Arguably, intravesical instilla-105 tions of BCG for induction of a local immune response with 106 activation of macrophages, neutrophils, and natural killer T 107 lymphocytes [10] could help in preventing and/or control-108 ling COVID-19, but this is only a hypothesis that cannot 109 currently be used for clinical decision-making. Only post-110 crisis retrospective analyses of COVID-19 incidence among 111 NMIBC patients treated with intravesical instillations of 112 BCG during the pandemic will provide interesting insights 113 into this view. 114 5. Management of BCG side effects 115 In managing side effects related to intravesical BCG 116 instillations, careful attention should be paid to persistent 117 fever by isolating and testing patients for COVID-19.118





Objectives of the present work were (i) to confirm pathogens implicated in cases of diarrhoea in newborn and young lambs in sheep farms in Greece and (ii) to investigate a possible relation in dissemination of pathogens between lambs and dogs present in the farm. Work was carried out in 22 sheep farms, with (i) flock size over 150 animals, (ii) presence of clinical signs of diarrhoea in lambs in the flock and (iii) close and continuous contact and movement of shepherd dogs within the animal shed of each farm. Faecal sample collection from lambs was performed within 48 h of onset of clinical signs and prior to administration of any antimicrobial or antiparasitic medication to lambs. Faecal samples were also collected from puppies in the farm. In total, samples were collected from 126 lambs and 58 puppies. Samples were processed by using established techniques for isolation of bacteria, detection of viruses and observation of protozoan oocycts. Escherichia coli isolates obtained during the study, were tested for antimicrobial resistance against a variety of antimicrobial agents. In total, 236 bacterial isolates were recovered from faecal samples of lambs and 165 isolates from faecal samples of puppies. E. coli was the most frequently isolated microorganism: 104 isolates from lambs and 109 isolates from puppies were recovered. Other bacteria isolated were Enterobacter spp., Proteus spp., Klebsiella spp., (lambs and puppies), Clostridium perfringens, Citrobacter freundi, Salmonella enterica subsp. diarizonae (only lambs) and Streptococcus spp. (only puppies). Group A Rotavirus was detected in samples from lambs (2.5%) and Parvovirus in samples from puppies (5%). Cryptosporidium spp. oocysts were observed in samples from lambs and puppies. This is the first report of isolation of S. enterica subsp. diarizonae and of detection of Rotavirus from lambs in Greece. Rates of E. coli isolates from puppies resistant to antimicrobial agents were, in general, smaller than respective rates in isolates from lambs. Two pairs of isolates from the same farm (one from a lamb and one from a puppy) with identical patterns of resistance to antimicrobial agents were detected, which provides some evidence in support of a hypothesis that members of each pair might possibly have been spread from one animal species to the other.




A dataset of 103 SARS-CoV isolates (101 human patients and 2 palm civets) was investigated on different aspects of genome polymorphism and isolate classification. The number and the distribution of single nucleotide variations (SNVs) and insertions and deletions, with respect to a ""profile"", were determined and discussed (""profile"" being a sequence containing the most represented letter per position). Distribution of substitution categories per codon positions, as well as synonymous and non-synonymous substitutions in coding regions of annotated isolates, was determined, along with amino acid (a.a.) property changes. Similar analysis was performed for the spike (S) protein in all the isolates (55 of them being predicted for the first time). The ratio Ka/Ks confirmed that the S gene was subjected to the Darwinian selection during virus transmission from animals to humans. Isolates from the dataset were classified according to genome polymorphism and genotypes. Genome polymorphism yields to two groups, one with a small number of SNVs and another with a large number of SNVs, with up to four subgroups with respect to insertions and deletions. We identified three basic nine-locus genotypes: TTTT/TTCGG, CGCC/TTCAT, and TGCC/TTCGT, with four subgenotypes. Both classifications proposed are in accordance with the new insights into possible epidemiological spread, both in space and time.




Background: Most of the studies characterizing the incidence of rhinovirus (RV) have been carried out in hospitalized children and in developed countries. In those studies, RV-C has been associated with more severe respiratory tract infections than RV species A and B. In this study we determined the frequency and diversity of RV strains associated with upper and lower respiratory tract infections (URTI, LRTI) in Mexico, and describe the clinical characteristics of the illness associated with different RV species. Methods: A prospective surveillance of 526 and 250 children with URTI and LRTI was carried out. Respiratory samples were analyzed by RT-PCR for viruses. The 5′ untranslated region of the RV genome was amplified and sequenced.Results: In the case of URTI, 17.5% were positive for RV, while this virus was found in 24.8% of LRTI. The RV species was determined in 73 children with URTI: 61.6% were RV-A, 37% RV-C and, 1.4% RV-B; and in 43 children with LRTI: 51.2% were RV-A, 41.8% RV-C, and 7% RV-B. No significant differences in clinical characteristics were found in patients with RV-A or RV-C infections. A high genetic diversity of RV strains was found in both URTI and LRTI.Conclusions: Both RV-A and RV-C species were frequently found in hospitalized as well as in outpatient children. This study underlines the high prevalence and genetic diversity of RV strains in Mexico and the potential severity of disease associated with RV-A and RV-C infections.




Today there are many licensed antiviral drugs, but the emergence of drug resistant strains sometimes invalidates the effects of the current therapies used in the treatment of infectious diseases. Compared to conventional antiviral drugs, monoclonal antibodies (mAbs) used as pharmacological molecules have particular physical characteristics and modes of action, and, therefore, they should be considered as a distinct therapeutic class. Despite being historically validated, antibodies may represent a novel tool for combatting infectious diseases. The current high cost of mAbs' production, storage and administration (by injection only) and the consequent obstacles to development are outweighed by mAbs' clinical advantages. These are related to a low toxicity combined with high specificity and versatility, which allows a specific antibody to mediate various biological effects, ranging from the virus neutralization mechanisms to the modulation of immune responses. This review briefly summarizes the recent technological advances in the field of immunoglobulin research, and the current status of mAb-based drugs in clinical trials for HIV and HCV diseases. For each clinical trial the available data are reported and the emerging conceptual problems of the employed mAbs are highlighted. This overview helps to give a clear picture of the efficacy and challenges of the mAbs in the field of these two infectious diseases which have such a global impact.




The ability to rapidly and reliably develop hypotheses on the function of newly discovered protein sequences requires systematic and comprehensive analysis. Such an analysis, embodied within the DS GeneAtlas1 1 pipeline, has been used to critically evaluate the severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) genome with the goal of identifying new potential targets for viral therapeutic intervention. This paper discusses several new functional hypotheses on the roles played by the constituent gene products of SARS, and will serve as an example of how such assignments can be developed or extended on other systems of interest.





Forest fires severally affect many ecosystems every year, leading to large environmental damages, casualties and economic losses. Established and emerging technologies are used to help wildfire analysts determine fire behavior and spread aiming at a more accurate prediction results and efficient use of resources in fire fighting. Natural hazards simulations need to deal with data input uncertainty and their impact on prediction results, usually resorting to compute-intensive calibration techniques. In this paper, we propose a new evaluation technique capable of reducing the overall calibration time by 60% when compared to the current data-driven approaches. This is achieved by means of the proposed adaptive evaluation technique based on a periodic monitoring of the fire spread prediction error estimated by the normalized symmetric difference for each simulation run. Our new strategy avoid wasting too much computing time running unfit individuals thanks to an early adaptive evaluation.






In recent years, many studies have shown that recombinant adenovirus live vector-based vaccines are a promising novel vaccine candidate against virus infection. erefore, in this study, a new type of recombinant adenovirus expressing the spike (S) protein of porcine epidemic diarrhea virus (PEDV), rAd-PEDV-S, was generated, and its characteristics were determined. en, its efficacy as a vaccine candidate was evaluated in 4-week-old pigs. e results showed that the S protein could be well expressed at a high level in rAd-PEDV-S-infected cells and that the viral titers could reach 10 11 PFU/mL. Further animal experimental results showed that rAd-PEDV-S elicited a significant PEDV-specific humoral immune response after vaccination (P < 0.05). In addition, rAd-PEDV-S provided partial protection for pigs against the highly virulent PEDV challenge. e results presented in this study indicate that the adenovirus vector can be used as a vaccine delivery vector for the development of a PEDV vaccine and is a promising novel vaccine candidate for future prevention and control of porcine epidemic diarrhea (PED), but its efficacy still needs to be improved in the future.




In the diagnosis of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2), reverse transcriptase-PCR (RT-PCR) technique is often used. We evaluated the compatibility of SARS-CoV-2 RT-PCR kits containing different gene targets during the pandemic. Materials & methods: Samples were tested by Bio-Speddy R (RdRp gene) and Diagnovital R (RdRp + E genes). The correlation between two assays were determined by Deming regression analysis and chi-square analyses. Results: Diagnovital PCR kit showed amplification in a narrow Ct range and conveniently sharper exponential amplification curves than Bio-Speedy PCR kit. While the correlation between the findings of the two kits was apparent even with single gene target, this correlation increased when a secondary biomarker was added to the correlation calculations. Conclusion: We have observed high correlation between different PCR kits, however, using different PCR kits during the pandemic may provide a more accurate diagnosis of SARS-CoV-2, since despite correlation there are a number of patients showing contradicting diagnosis.




Background: Although an increasing body of data reports the detection of SARS-CoV-2 RNA in air, this does not correlate to the presence of infectious viruses, thus not evaluating the risk for airborne COVID-19. Hence there is a marked knowledge gap that requires urgent attention. Therefore, in this systematic review, viability/stability of airborne SARS-CoV-2, SARS-CoV and MERS-CoV viruses is discussed. J o u r n a l P r e -p r o o f Journal Pre-proof Methods: A systematic literature review was performed on PubMed/MEDLINE, Web of Science and Scopus to assess the stability and viability of SARS-CoV, MERS-CoV and SARS-CoV-2 on air samples.Results and discussion: The initial search identified 27 articles. Following screening of titles and abstracts and removing duplicates, 11 articles were considered relevant. Temperatures ranging from 20 °C to 25 °C and relative humidity ranging from 40% to 50% were reported to have a protective effect on viral viability for airborne SARS-CoV and MERS-CoV. As no data is yet available on the conditions influencing viability for airborne SARS-CoV-2, and given the genetic similarity to SARS-CoV and MERS-CoV, one could extrapolate that the same conditions would apply. Nonetheless, the effect of these conditions seems to be residual considering the increasing number of cases in the south of USA, Brazil and India, where high temperatures and humidities have been observed.Conclusion: Higher temperatures and high relative humidity can have a modest effect on SARS-CoV-2 viability in the environment, as reported in previous studies to this date.However, these studies are experimental, and do not support the fact that the virus has efficiently spread in the tropical regions of the globe, with other transmission routes such as the contact and droplet ones probably being responsible for the majority of cases reported in these regions, along with other factors such as human mobility patterns and contact rates.Further studies are needed to investigate the extent of aerosol transmission of SARS-CoV-2 as this would have important implications for public health and infection-control policies.




The missing asymptomatic COVID-19 infections have been overlooked because of the imperfect sensitivity of the nucleic acid testing (NAT). Globally understanding the humoral immunity in asymptomatic carriers will provide scientific knowledge for developing serological tests, improving early identification, and implementing more rational control strategies against the pandemic.Utilizing both NAT and commercial kits for serum IgM and IgG antibodies, we extensively screened 11 766 epidemiologically suspected individuals on enrollment and 63 asymptomatic individuals were detected and recruited. Sixty-three healthy individuals and 51 mild patients without any preexisting conditions were set as controls. Serum IgM and IgG profiles were further probed using a SARS-CoV-2 proteome microarray, and neutralizing antibody was detected by a pseudotyped virus neutralization assay system. The dynamics of antibodies were analyzed with exposure time or symptoms onset.A combination test of NAT and serological testing for IgM antibody discovered 55.5% of the total of 63 asymptomatic infections, which significantly raises the detection sensitivity when compared with the NAT alone (19%). Serum proteome microarray analysis demonstrated that asymptomatics mainly produced IgM and IgG antibodies against S1 and N proteins out of 20 proteins of SARS-CoV-2. Different from strong and persistent N-specific antibodies, S1-specific IgM responses, which evolved in asymptomatic individuals as early as the seventh day after exposure, peaked on days from 17 days to 25 days, and then disappeared in two months, might be used as an early diagnostic biomarker. 11.8% (6/51) mild patients and 38.1% (24/63)




The mechanisms by which viruses cause asthma exacerbations are not precisely known. Previously, we showed that, in ovalbumin (OVA)-sensitized and -challenged mice with allergic airway inflammation, rhinovirus (RV) infection increases type 2 cytokine production from alternatively-activated (M2) airway macrophages, enhancing eosinophilic inflammation and airways hyperresponsiveness. In this paper, we tested the hypothesis that IL-4 signaling determines the state of macrophage activation and pattern of RV-induced exacerbation in mice with allergic airways disease. Methods: Eight week-old wild type or IL-4 receptor knockout (IL-4R KO) mice were sensitized and challenged with OVA and inoculated with RV1B or sham HeLa cell lysate. Results: In contrast to OVA-treated wild-type mice with both neutrophilic and eosinophilic airway inflammation, OVA-treated IL-4R KO mice showed increased neutrophilic inflammation with few eosinophils in the airways. Like wild-type mice, IL-4R KO mice showed OVA-induced airway hyperreactivity which was further exacerbated by RV. There was a shift in lung cytokines from a type 2-predominant response to a type 1 response, including production of IL-12p40 and TNF-α. IL-17A was also increased. RV infection of OVA-treated IL-4R KO mice further increased neutrophilic inflammation. Bronchoalveolar macrophages showed an M1 polarization pattern and ex vivo RV infection increased macrophage production of TNF-α, IFN-γ and IL-12p40. Finally, lung cells from OVA-treated IL-4R KO mice showed reduced CD206+ CD301+ M2 macrophages, decreased IL-13 and increased TNF-α and IL-17A production by F4/80+, CD11b+ macrophages. Conclusions: OVA-treated IL-4R KO mice show neutrophilic airway inflammation constituting a model of allergic, type 1 cytokine-driven neutrophilic asthma. In the absence of IL-4/IL-13 signaling, RV infection of OVA-treated mice increased type 1 cytokine and IL-17A production from conventionally-activated macrophages, augmenting neutrophilic rather than eosinophilic inflammation. In mice with allergic airways inflammation, IL-4R signaling determines macrophage activation state and the response to subsequent RV infection.




Arenaviruses and hantaviruses cause severe human disease. Little is known regarding host proteins required for their propagation. We identified human proteins that interact with the glycoproteins (GPs) of a prototypic arenavirus and hantavirus and show that the lectin endoplasmic reticulum (ER)-Golgi intermediate compartment 53 kDa protein (ERGIC-53), a cargo receptor required for glycoprotein trafficking within the early exocytic pathway, associates with arenavirus, hantavirus, coronavirus, orthomyxovirus, and filovirus GPs. ERGIC-53 binds to arenavirus GPs through a lectin-independent mechanism, traffics to arenavirus budding sites, and is incorporated into virions. ERGIC-53 is required for arenavirus, coronavirus, and filovirus propagation; in its absence, GP-containing virus particles form but are noninfectious, due in part to their inability to attach to host cells. Thus, we have identified a class of pathogen-derived ERGIC-53 ligands, a lectin-independent basis for their association with ERGIC-53, and a role for ERGIC-53 in the propagation of several highly pathogenic RNA virus families.





publicly funded repositories, such as the WHO COVID database with rights for unrestricted research re-use and analyses in any form or by any means with acknowledgement of the original source. These permissions are granted for free by Elsevier for as long as the COVID-19 resource centre remains active. 21 es Journées nationales d'infectiologie / Médecine et maladies infectieuses 50 (2020) S31-S199 S75




How host cells recognize many kinds of RNA and DNA viruses and initiate innate antiviral responses against them has not yet been fully elucidated. Over the past decade, investigations into the mechanisms underlying these antiviral responses have focused extensively on immune surveillance sensors that recognize virus-derived components (such as lipids, sugars and nucleic acids). The findings of these studies have suggested that antiviral responses are mediated by cytosolic or intracellular compartment sensors and their adaptor molecules (e.g., TLR, myeloid differentiation primary response 88, retinoic acid inducible gene-I, IFN-β promoter stimulator-1, cyclic GMP-AMP synthase and stimulator of IFN genes axis) for the primary sensing of virus-derived nucleic acids, leading to production of type I IFNs, pro-inflammatory cytokines and chemokines by the host cells. Thus, host cells have evolved an elaborate host defense machinery to recognize and eliminate virus infections. In turn, to achieve sustained viral infection and induce pathogenesis, viruses have also evolved several counteracting strategies for achieving immune escape by targeting immune sensors, adaptor molecules, intracellular kinases and transcription factors. In this review, we discuss recent discoveries concerning the role of the cytosolic nucleic acid-sensing immune response in viral recognition and control of viral infection. In addition, we consider the regulatory machinery of the cytosolic nucleic acid-sensing immune response because these immune surveillance systems must be tightly regulated to prevent aberrant immune responses to self and non-self-nucleic acids.cyclic GMP-AMP synthase, stimulator of IFN genes, interferon, viral immune evasion Abbreviations: AGS, Aicardi-Goutières syndrome; AIM2, absent in melanoma 2; AMFR, autocrine motility factor receptor; CDN, cyclic dinucleotide; cGAS, cyclic GMP-AMP synthase; cGAMP, cyclic GMP-AMP; DAI, DNA-dependent activator of IRF3; DENV, dengue virus; DNA-PKcs, DNAdependent protein kinase; dsDNA, double-stranded DNA; dsRNA, double-stranded RNA; DUB, de-ubiquitination; EIF3S5, eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit 5; ER, endoplasmic reticulum; HBV, hepatitis B virus; HCV, hepatitis C virus; HSV-1, herpes simplex virus-1; IAV, influenza A virus; IFI16, IFN-γ-inducible protein 16; IPS-1, IFN-β promoter stimulator-1; IRF3, interferon regulatory factor 3; iRhom2, inactive rhomboid protein 2; ISG, IFN-stimulated gene; JEV, Japanese encephalitis virus; KSHV, Kaposi sarcoma-associated herpesvirus; LANA, latency-associated nuclear antigen; MDA5, melanoma differentiation-associated protein 5; MHV68, murine gamma-herpesvirus 68; Mre11, meiotic recombination 11; NDV, Newcastle disease virus; NF-κB, nuclear factor-κB; NLR, NOD-like receptor; PPM1A, protein phosphatase, Mg2+/Mn2+ dependent 1A; PRR, pattern recognition receptor; PTM, post-translational modification; RIG-I, retinoic acid inducible gene-I; RNF5, RING finger protein 5; S6K1, S6 kinase 1; STING, stimulator of IFN genes; TBK1, TANK-binding kinase 1; TRIM, tripartite interaction motif; USP, ubiquitin-specific protease; YFV, yellow fever virus.





90 days). Eight climatic variables such as maximum, minimum and mean temperature (°C), relative humidity (%), bright sunshine hours, wind speed (km/h), evaporation (mm), and rainfall (mm) have been analyzed in relation to COVID-19. To study the relationship among different climatic variables and COVID-19 spread, Karl Pearson's correlation analysis has been performed. The Mann-Kendall method and Sen's slope estimator have been used to detect the direction and magnitude of COVID-19 trends, respectively. The results have shown that out of eight selected climatic variables, six variables, viz. maximum temperature, minimum temperature, mean temperature, relative humidity, evaporation, and wind speed are positively associated with coronavirus disease cases (statistically significant at 95 and 99% confidence levels). No association of coronavirus disease has been found with bright sunshine hours and rainfall. Besides, COVID-19 cases and deaths have shown increasing trends, significant at 99% confidence level. The results of this study suggest that climatic conditions in NCT of Delhi are favorable for COVID-19 and the disease may spread further with the increasing temperature, relative humidity, evaporation and wind speed. This is the only study which has presented the analysis of COVID-19 spread in relation to several climatic variables for the most densely populated and rapidly growing city of India. Thus, considering the results obtained, effective policies and actions are necessary especially by identifying the areas where the spread rate is increasing rapidly in this megacity. The prevention and protection measures should be adopted aiming at to reduce the further transmission of disease in the city.




T-cell receptor (TCR) tran,sgemc mice provide the ability to follow the maturation and fate ofT cells specific for self-antigens in vivo. This technology represents a major breakthrough in the study of autoimmune diseases in which specific antigens have been implicated. Proteins expressed within the central nervous system are beheved to be important autoantigens in multiple sclerosis, TCR transgenic models specific for myelin basic protein (MBP) allowed us to assess the role of tolerance in providing protection from T cells widi this specificity Our studies demonstrate that T cells specific for the immunodominant epitope of MBP do not undergo tolerance in vivo and that TCR transgenic mice are susceptible to spontaneous autoimmune disease. The susceptibihty to spontaneous disease is dependent on exposure to microbial antigens, MBP TCR transgenic models expressing TCRs specific for the same epiCope of MBP but utilizing different V,, genes exhibit differing susceptibilities to ,spontaneous disea,se. These data support the idea that genetic and environmental differences play a role in susceptibihty to autoimmunity MBP TCR transgenic models are playing an important role in defining mechanisms by which infectious agents trigger autoimmune disease as well as defining mechanisms by which tolerance is induced to distinct epitopes within self-antigens.Background




The discovery of SARS-like coronavirus in bats suggests that bats could be the natural reservoir of SARS-CoV. However, previous studies indicated the angiotensinconverting enzyme 2 (ACE2) protein, a known SARS-CoV receptor, from a horseshoe bat was unable to act as a functional receptor for SARS-CoV. Here, we extended our previous study to ACE2 molecules from seven additional bat species and tested their interactions with human SARS-CoV spike protein using both HIV-based pseudotype and live SARS-CoV infection assays. The results show that ACE2s of Myotis daubentoni and Rhinolophus sinicus support viral entry mediated by the SARS-CoV S protein, albeit with different efficiency in comparison to that of the human ACE2. Further, the alteration of several key residues either decreased or enhanced bat ACE2 receptor efficiency, as predicted from a structural modeling study of the different bat ACE2 molecules. These data suggest that M. daubentoni and R. sinicus are likely to be susceptible to SARS-CoV and may be candidates as the natural host of the SARS-CoV progenitor viruses. Furthermore, our current study also demonstrates that the genetic diversity of ACE2 among bats is greater than that observed among known SARS-CoV susceptible mammals, highlighting the possibility that there are many more uncharacterized bat species that can act as a reservoir of SARS-CoV or its progenitor viruses. This calls for continuation and expansion of field surveillance studies among different bat populations to eventually identify the true natural reservoir of SARS-CoV.Electronic supplementary material The online version of this article (




Canine hepacivirus (CHV) was recently identified in domestic dogs and horses. The finding that CHV is genetically the virus most closely related to hepatitis C virus (HCV) has raised the question of whether HCV might have evolved as the result of close contact between dogs and/or horses and humans. The aim of this study was to investigate whether the NS3/4A serine protease of CHV specifically cleaves human mitochondrial antiviral signaling protein (MAVS) and Toll-IL-1 receptor domaincontaining adaptor inducing interferon-beta (TRIF). The proteolytic activity of CHV NS3/4A was evaluated using a bacteriophage lambda genetic screen. Human MAVS-and TRIF-specific cleavage sites were engineered into the lambda cI repressor. Upon infection of Escherichia coli cells coexpressing these repressors and a CHV NS3/4A construct, lambda phage replicated up to 2000-fold more efficiently than in cells expressing a CHV protease variant carrying the inactivating substitution S139A. Comparable results were obtained when several HCV NS3/4A constructs of genotype 1b were assayed. This indicates that CHV can disrupt the human innate antiviral defense signaling pathway and suggests a possible evolutionary relationship between CHV and HCV.




The inhibition of human angiotensin I converting enzyme (ACE) has been regarded as a promising approach for the treatment of hypertension. Despite research attempts over many years, our understanding the mechanisms of activation and inhibition of ACE is still far from complete. Here, we present results of all atom molecular dynamics simulations of ACE with and without ligands. Two types of inhibitors, competitive and mixed non-competitive, were used to model the ligand bound forms. In the absence of a ligand the simulation showed spontaneous large hinge-bending motions of multiple conversions between the closed and open states of ACE, while the ligand bound forms were stable in the closed state. Our simulation results imply that the equilibrium between pre-existing backbone conformations shifts in the presence of a ligand. The hinge-bending motion of ACE is considered as an essential to the enzyme function. A mechanistic model of activation and the inhibition may provide valuable information for novel inhibitors of ACE.






Visual observation and standard hematoxylin and eosin staining were performed to detect pathological damage in the liver, and viral copy numbers and cytokine expression in the liver were evaluated by quantitative PCR. The CH strain (10 8.4 copies/mg) had higher viral titers than the CH60 strain (10 4.9 copies/mg) in the liver and caused ecchymotic hemorrhaging on the liver surface. Additionally, livers from ducklings inoculated with the CH strain were significantly infiltrated by numerous red blood cells, accompanied by severe cytokine storms, but similar signs were not observed in the livers of ducklings inoculated with the CH60 strain. In conclusion, the severe cytokine storm caused by the CH strain apparently induces hemorrhagic lesions in the liver, which might be a key factor in the rapid death of ducklings.Duck hepatitis A virus type 1 (genus Avihepatovirus, family Picornaviridae, DHAV-1) is one of the most common and lethal pathogens in young ducklings and is responsible for acute hepatitis, characterized by petechial and ecchymotic hemorrhages of the liver surface 1,2 . The liver, a major site for the regulation of immune and inflammatory responses, plays a critical role in defending against invasive pathogens 3,4 . Immune responses in the liver appear to have evolved to balance virus eradication and immunopathology 5 . Major hepatotropic viruses, such as hepatitis A virus (HAV), hepatitis B virus (HBV), and hepatitis C virus (HCV), interact with innate immunity factors and induce both interferons (IFNs, types I and III) and antiviral IFN-stimulated genes (ISGs), and these viruses have developed multiple strategies to escape innate immune responses 6-10 . Inflammation is a double-edged sword that plays a vital role in liver metabolism. Moderate inflammatory responses confer a certain degree of protection, help repair damaged tissue, and promote steady-state reconstruction. However, uncontrolled inflammatory responses are present in most clinical cases of liver disease and may form a ""storm"" that causes liver damage, fibrosis, cirrhosis and other adverse consequences 11-13 .Infection of adult ducks with DHAV-1 was previously shown to result in transient cytokine storms in their kidneys 14 . However, only one study has investigated virus-host interactions in the livers of DHAV-1-infected ducklings. Therefore, in this study, we established an experimental model utilizing the virulent CH DHAV-1 strain and the attenuated CH60 commercial vaccine strain to investigate DHAV-1 pathogenicity and host immune responses in 7-day-old ducklings.




The study investigates the ability of subtype A Avian metapneumovirus (AMPV) to accept foreign genes and be used as a vector for delivery of Infectious bronchitis virus (IBV) QX genes to chickens. Initially the GFP gene was added to AMPV at all gene junctions in conjunction with the development of cassetted full length DNA AMPV copies. After recombinant virus had been recovered by reverse genetics, GFP positions supporting gene expression while maintaining virus viability in vitro, were determined. Subsequently, either S1 or nucleocapsid (N) genes of IBV were positioned between AMPV M and F genes, while later a bivalent recombinant was prepared by inserting S1 and N at AMPV MF and GL junctions respectively. Immunofluorescent antibody staining showed that all recombinants expressed the inserted IBV genes in vitro and furthermore, all recombinant viruses were found to be highly stable during serial passage. Eyedrop inoculation of chickens with some AMPV-IBV recombinants at one-day-old induced protection against virulent IBV QX challenge 3 weeks later, as assessed by greater motility of tracheal cilia from chickens receiving the recombinants. Nonetheless evidence of AMPV/IBV seroconversion, or major recombinant tracheal replication, were largely absent.




We present the cases of three patients with severe, life-threatening coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) who had failed to achieve substantial improvement on intial treatment. They subsequently received pulse therapy with methylprednisolone [1,000 mg/day intravenously (IV) for three consecutive days] and IV immunoglobulin (20 g/day). This treatment regimen was associated with a prompt resolution of respiratory failure, elimination of clinical manifestations of the cytokine release syndrome (CRS), and reversal of pulmonary CT changes. The treatment was generally safe and well-tolerated. There was no evidence of protracted persistence of the virus in the patients. Further randomized controlled trials are required to better understand the efficacy and safety of high-dose methylprednisolone and IV immunoglobulin, separately or in combination with each other, in the treatment of severe, lifethreatening COVID-19.




This study focuses on investigating the manner in which a prompt quarantine measure suppresses epidemics in networks. A simple and ideal quarantine measure is considered in which an individual is detected with a probability immediately after it becomes infected and the detected one and its neighbors are promptly isolated. The efficiency of this quarantine in suppressing a susceptible-infected-removed (SIR) model is tested in random graphs and uncorrelated scale-free networks. Monte Carlo simulations are used to show that the prompt quarantine measure outperforms random and acquaintance preventive vaccination schemes in terms of reducing the number of infected individuals. The epidemic threshold for the SIR model is analytically derived under the quarantine measure, and the theoretical findings indicate that prompt executions of quarantines are highly effective in containing epidemics. Even if infected individuals are detected with a very low probability, the SIR model under a prompt quarantine measure has finite epidemic thresholds in fat-tailed scale-free networks in which an infected individual can always cause an outbreak of a finite relative size without any measure. The numerical simulations also demonstrate that the present quarantine measure is effective in suppressing epidemics in real networks.




There is an urgent need for disinfection and sterilization devices accessible to the public that can be fulfilled by innovative strategies for using cold atmospheric pressure plasmas. Here we explore and evaluate an approach combining a flexible printed circuit design of a dielectric barrier discharge (DBD) with an environmentally safe chemical reagent for surface decontamination from bacterial contaminants. The device operates in ambient air without any additional gas flow at a power density of about 0.5 W/cm 2 . Using a 3% hydrogen peroxide solution as a model reagent we demonstrate improved reduction in the bacterial load of a surface contaminant of >6log 10 in 90 seconds, about 3log 10 and 2log 10 faster compared to hydrogen peroxide alone and the flexible DBD alone, respectively, for the same treatment time. The synergistic action of the plasma bioactive properties and hydrogen peroxide result in a dramatic improvement of surface disinfection. This opens new possibilities for using the low power flexible DBD plasma sources for surface disinfection and decontamination.I.





During everyday tasks, salient distractors may capture our attention. Recently, it was shown that through implicit learning, capture by a salient distractor is reduced by suppressing the location where a distractor is likely to appear. In the current study, we presented distractors of different saliency levels at the same specific location, asking the question whether there is always one suppression level for a particular location or whether, for one location, suppression depends on the actual saliency of the distractor appearing at that location. In three experiments, we demonstrate a saliency-specific mechanism of distractor suppression, which can be flexibly modulated by the overall probability of encountering distractors of different saliency levels to optimize behavior in a specific environment. The results also suggest that this mechanism has dimension-independent aspects, given that the saliency-specific suppression pattern is unaffected when saliency signals of distractors are generated by different dimensions. It is argued that suppression is saliencydependent, implying that suppression is modulated on a trial-by-trial basis contingent on the saliency of the actual distractor presented.It is important to be able to avoid distraction from salient objects. Previous studies have shown that we can extract spatial and feature regularities from the visual environment, which in turn leads to optimized attentional control. In the current study, we show that suppression at a particular location can be selectively adjusted to the saliency level of the distractor presented at that location. In other words, the amount of suppression at a particular location is contingent on the saliency of the distractor appearing at that location. It is argued in favor of saliency-dependent suppression that modulates suppression on a trial-by-trial basis, contingent on the saliency of the actual distractor presented.Electronic supplementary material The online version of this article (https://doi.




Intervention: Charging the (manual) defibrillator prior to rhythm analysis Comparators: Charging the (manual) defibrillator after rhythm analysis Outcomes: Survival to hospital discharge, 30 days or greater than days with good neurological outcome, and survival to hospital discharge 30 days or greater than 30 days were ranked as critical outcomes. Return of spontaneous circulation (ROSC) was ranked as an important outcome. Other outcomes considered were defibrillation success, pre-shock pause, hands-off time, post-shock pause, peri-shock pause, compression-fraction, and hands-on time.Study Designs: Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and non-randomized studies (nonrandomized controlled trials, interrupted time series, controlled before-and-after studies, cohort studies) are eligible for inclusion. Manikin studies were included for this scoping review, as was grey literature.All years and all languages were included as long as there was an English abstract; unpublished studies (e.g., conference abstracts, trial protocols) were excluded.




Recent studies suggest that thrombotic complications are a common phenomenon in the novel SARS-CoV-2 infection. The main objective of our study is to assess cumulative incidence of pulmonary embolism (PE) in non critically ill COVID-19 patients and to identify its predicting factors associated to the diagnosis of pulmonary embolism. We retrospectevely reviewed 452 electronic medical records of patients admitted to Internal Medicine Department of a secondary hospital in Madrid during Covid 19 pandemic outbreak. We included 91 patients who underwent a multidetector Computed Tomography pulmonary angiography(CTPA) during conventional hospitalization. The cumulative incidence of PE was assessed ant the clinical, analytical and radiological characteristics were compared between patients with and without PE. PE incidence was 6.4% (29/452 patients). Most patients with a confirmed diagnosed with PE recieved low molecular weight heparin (LMWH): 79.3% (23/29). D-dimer peak was significatly elevated in PE vs non PE patients (14,480 vs 7230 mcg/dL, p = 0.03). In multivariate analysis of patients who underwent a CTPA we found that plasma D-dimer peak was an independen predictor of PE with a best cut off point of > 5000 µg/dl (OR 3.77; IC95% (1.18-12.16), p = 0.03). We found ninefold increased risk of PE patients not suffering from dyslipidemia (OR 9.06;). Predictive value of AUC for ROC is 75.5%. We found a high incidence of PE in non critically ill hospitalized COVID 19 patients despite standard thromboprophylaxis. An increase in D-dimer levels is an independent predictor for PE, with a best cut-off point of > 5000 µg/ dl.




Governance is well recognized as shifting boundaries of responsibilities for doing things among key partners. What is less clear is how exactly power relations are altered and where power is concentrated as new forms of governance emerge. In our article we use the concept of policy post-exceptionalism to critically assess 'Going for Growth', a strategic action plan that, until the recent past, underpinned the Northern Ireland agri-food industry. The agri-food sector has an important and prominent role in the Northern Ireland economy. The Going for Growth strategy illustrates how particular interests within the sector are supported by government, as demonstrated through the Renewable Heat Initiative and a scheme promoting anaerobic digestors. Using policy postexceptionalism to scrutinize the strategy, our research shows what can go wrong when a transition to postexceptionalism occurs. While Going for Growth purported to represent the wider interests that one might expect to find in a post-exceptionalist approach to agri-food governance, in fact the concentration of power with corporate actors left little space for the inclusion of wider interests. We conclude that this strategy represented a move towards tense post-exceptionalism, creating at least one political scandal, raising questions of legitimacy and transparency and fundamentally undermining political viability of wider government. It is an extreme case of what can happen when post-exceptionalist policymaking goes wrong.





In the first part, this work reports that during the global ""anthropopause"" period, that was imposed in March and April 2020 for limiting the spread of COVID-19, the concentrations of basic air pollutants over Europe were reduced by up to 70%. During May and June, the gradual lift of the stringent measures resulted in the recovery of these reductions with pollution concentrations approaching the levels before the lockdown by the end of June 2020. In the second part, this work examines the alleged correlations between the reported cases of COVID-19 and temperature, humidity and particulate matter for March and April 2020 in Europe. It was found that decreasing temperatures and relative humidity with increasing concentrations of particulate matter are correlated with an increase in the number of reported cases during these 2 months. However, when these calculations were repeated for May and June, we found a remarkable drop in the significance of the correlations which leads us to question the generally accepted inverse relation between pandemics and air temperature at least during the warmer months. Such a relationship could not be supported in our study for SARS-CoV-2 virus and the question remains open. In the third and last part of this work, we examine the question referring to the origin of pandemics. In this context we have examined the hypothesis that the observed climate warming in Siberia and the Arctic and the thawing of permafrost could result to the release of trapped in the permafrost pathogens in the atmosphere. We find that although such relations cannot be directly justified, they present a possible horrifying mechanism for the origin of viruses in the future during the developing global warming of our planet in the decades to come. Overall the findings of our study indicate that: (1) the reduction of anthropogenic emissions in Europe during the ""anthropopause"" period of March and April 2020 was significant, but when the lockdown measures were raised the concentrations of atmospheric pollutants quickly recovered to pre-pandemic levels and therefore any possible climatic feedbacks were negligible; (2) no robust relationship between atmospheric parameters and the spread of COVID-19 cases can be justified in the warmer part of the year and (3) more research needs to be done regarding the possible links between climate change and the release of new pathogens from thawing of permafrost areas.




Background: COVID-19 has spread rapidly worldwide. Many patients require mechanical ventilation. The goal of this study was to investigate the clinical course and outcomes of patients with COVID-19 undergoing mechanical ventilation and identify factors associated with death.Methods: Eighty-three consecutive critically ill patients with confirmed COVID-19 undergoing invasive mechanical ventilation were included in this retrospective, single-center, observational study from January 31 to March 15, 2020. Demographic, clinical, laboratory, radiological, and mechanical ventilation data were collected and analyzed. The primary outcome was 28-day mortality after endotracheal intubation. The secondary outcomes included the incidences of SARS-CoV-2-related cardiac, liver, and kidney injury.Results: Seventy-four out of 83 (89.2%) patients achieved oxygen saturation above 93% after intubation. Forty-nine out of 83 (59%) patients died and 34 (41%) patients survived after 28 days of observation. Multivariable regression showed increasing odds of death associated with cardiac injury (odds ratio 15.60, 95% CI 4.20-74.43), liver injury (5.40, 1.46-23.56), and kidney injury (8.39, 1.63-61.41), and decreasing odds of death associated with the higher PaO 2 /FiO 2 ratio before intubation (0.97, 0.95-0.99). PaO 2 /FiO 2 ratio before intubation demonstrated a positive linear correlation with platelet count (r = 0.424, P = 0.001), and negative linear correlation with troponin I (r = −0.395, P = 0.008).Conclusions: Cardiac, liver, and kidney injury may be associated with death for critically ill patients with COVID-19 undergoing invasive mechanical ventilation. The severity of pre-intubation hypoxia may be associated with a poorer outcome of patients with COVID-19 undergoing invasive mechanical ventilation. Larger, multi-institutional, prospective studies should be conducted to confirm these preliminary results.





The study aimed to analyse the role of the capital structure in the financial performance of 90 textile firms listed in Pakistan Stock Exchange (PSX) during the period 2008-2017. The dependent variable was return on equity as a proxy for financial performance. The independent variables were the debt to equity, total debt to total assets, asset turnover ratios, sales growth, taxation, and export growth, while the firm size was taken as a control variable. The panel regression estimation technique was employed for analysis purposes, and both cross-sectional and timeseries data were collected for this study. This study used the random-effect regression estimation model based on the Hausman diagnostic test statistics. The results indicate that the capital structure debt to equity variable has a negative and significant relationship with financial performance while the asset turnover ratio and firm performance showed a negative and statistically insignificant relationship. Export growth and sales growth have a considerable positive connection with financial performance; however, firm size has a negative and significant impact on firm performance, in favour of our alternative research hypothesis. The remaining variables include tax payable and the total debt to total assets ratio, which have an insignificant connection with financial performance (ROE) and validate the agency theory. With better corporate governance by putting more pressure on managers or increasing managerial ownership, institutional investors can reduce the capital, leverage risk and the overall firm capital cost that help to improve the firm's financial performance and economic stability.




Bacillus Calmette-Guérin (BCG) vaccination is routine and near-universal in many low-and middle-income countries (LMIC). It has been suggested that BCG can have a protective effect on COVID-19 morbidity and mortality. This commentary discusses the limitations of the evidence around BCG and COVID-19. We argue that higher-quality evidence is necessary to understand the protective effect of the BCG vaccine from existing, secondary data, while we await results from clinical trials currently conducted in different settings.




Background: The outbreak of COVID-19 poses a challenge to psychological resilience. The aim of this study was to evaluate the prevalence of anxiety and identify risk and protective factors associated with the presence of anxiety symptoms in the face of COVID-19 among adults. Methods: A cross-sectional online survey was conducted in adults from March 2nd to March 16th 2020. The self-rating anxiety scale (SAS) was used to measure the status of anxiety. Unconditional multivariate logistic regression was performed to identify the factors associated with anxiety. Results: Among the 7144 respondents, 9.3% met the criteria for anxiety risk based on the SAS. Symptoms of anxiety were more prevalent among farmer (OR = 1.43, 95%CI: 1.03-1.99), respondents lived in urban out of Beijing during the COVID-19 outbreak (OR = 1.73, 95%CI: 1.14-2.63), and slept less than six hours per day (OR = 2.64, 95%CI: 1.96-3.57). Compared to participants who didn't exercise, a lower risk of anxiety was observed in those exercised 30-60 minutes/day (OR = 0.62, 95%CI: 0.41-0.94) and more than 60 minutes/day (OR = 0.57, 95%CI: 0.37-0.88). And compared with participants whose knowledge and perceptions of COVID-9 scores in lower quartile, the OR (95%CI) for the second, third and upper quartile were 0.58 (0.46, 0.73), 0.48 (0.37, 0.61) and 0.42 (0.33, 0.52), respectively. Limitations: No diagnostic interview for mental disorders was administered in the original studies limiting analysis of sensitivity and specificity of the Swahili PHQ-9. Conclusion: There was a high level of anxiety in the face of COVID-19 among adults. The results point to characteristics of adults in particular need for attention to anxiety and suggest possible targets for intervention such as strengthening of physical activity and knowledge and perceptions of COVID-19.




Purpose. During spring 2009, a pandemic swine-origin influenza A (H1N1) virus (S-OIV) emerged and spread globally. We describe the chest X-ray and computed tomography (CT) findings of 40 patients with pneumonia due to S-OIV observed in our institution. Materials and methods. Among 534 patients with S-OIV, according to the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention case definition, seen between June and November 2009, 121 underwent chest X-ray and 40 (median age 44 years, range 16-79) had pneumonia. The initial chest radiographs were evaluated for pattern, distribution and extent of lung abnormalities. Unenhanced chest CT scans were performed in two patients and were reviewed for the same findings. Underlying medical conditions were present in 42% of patients (17/40). Results. Our patients had predominantly mild illness, and pneumonia was observed in 40 individuals (40/121 patients who had chest X-rays, 33%; and 40/534 patients with S-OIV, 7.5%). However, S-OIV can cause severe illness requiring admission to the intensive care unit for advanced mechanical ventilation and extracorporeal life support, including adult respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) and death. The major radiological abnormalities observed were interstitial changes (60.0%), with (22.0%) or without patchy ground-glass appearance, mostly bilateral, and located in the lower lung zones (7.5%). Extensive disease was seen in 37.5% (15/40), and ARDS was observed in three individuals (0.30%)with underlying medical conditions. Subtle pleural effusion was noted in four patients.Obiettivo. Scopo dello studio è quello di descrivere i quadri di presentazione radiologica della polmonite determinata dal virus influenzale A (H1N1), durante la pandemia sviluppatasi nella primavera del 2009. Materiali e metodi. Nel periodo compreso tra giugno e novembre 2009 abbiamo identificato, mediante radiografia del torace, 40 polmoniti in pazienti con influenza A (H1N1), (età mediana 44 anni, range 16-79 anni). I radiogrammi relativi all'esame del torace effettuato al momento del ricovero e la tomografia computerizzata, eseguita in due casi, sono stati valutati relativamente al quadro di presentazione, alla distribuzione e all'estensione delle anormalità identificate. Il 42% dei pazienti (17/40) con polmonite presentava comorbilità. Risultati. Nella nostra casistica, i pazienti hanno presentato prevalentemente un quadro clinico di media gravità e la polmonite ha complicato l'influenza in 40 di essi (40/121 [33%] pazienti con radiografia del torace e 40/534 [7,5%] pazienti con influenza A). In questi casi può rendersi necessario il ricovero presso reparti di rianimazione, poiché l'influenza può provocare complicazioni gravi fino alla acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) e alla morte. Il quadro di presentazione radiologica più frequentemente osservato è stato l'impegno interstiziale (60%), con (22%) o senza consolidamenti multifocali a vetro smerigliato, bilaterali (70%) e localizzati nei campi polmonari inferiori (70%). Alterazioni parenchimali diffuse sono state identificate nel 37,5% dei casi (15/40) e la ARDS si è manifestata in tre pazienti (7,5%), tutti con comorbilità. Il versamento pleurico era presente in quattro casi. CHEST RADIOLOGY RADIOLOGIA TORACICA




measures are highly important to poor communities because surveillance and access to health care may be limited.OBJECTIVES We aimed establish measures to contain and suppress the spread of COVID-19, associating education, active case tracking, and humanitarian aid in two needy communities in Brazil. The adherence to the measures and evolution of the number of cases were verified during the project.MATERIALS AND METHODS.The target population consisted of approximately 1300 participants(350 families). A collection of epidemiological data was performed in family members registered for the project. Rapid tests were performed on people who had symptoms and their contacts. Scientific information through audio-visual materials,educational pamphlets written in colloquial language, food parcels,masks,hygiene and cleaning materials were provided directly to family nuclei. RESULTS The common needs faced by families were food inputs and/or ready-to-eat food, mentioned by 91.4% (233) of the people, and hygienic and cleaning materials, mentioned by 30.6% (78) of the people. Only 34.9% (84) of families had 70% rubbing alcohol or hand sanitizer gel at home.The most frequently cited sources of information on COVID-19 were television [cited by 82.4% (210) of the people]; social media [25.5% (65)]; friends, neighbours, or family members [13.7% (35)]; and radio[ 11.4% (29)] .A total of 83.7% (175) stated that the actions helped them to avoid leaving the community.CONCLUSIONS Community isolation may be the best way to contain the spread of pandemics in fragile populations with low socioeconomic status.Educational actions combined with rapid testing and humanitarian aid were objective forms to promote community isolation.




Graphical Abstract Highlights d MVS is a common transcriptional host response to respiratory viral infection d MVS could be used in clinics as a diagnostic and/or prognostic biomarker d IMS distinguishes influenza from other viral and bacterial infections d IMS correlates with infection symptomatology and vaccine response




Understanding temporal dynamics of COVID-19 symptoms could provide fine-grained resolution to guide clinical decision-making. Here, we use deep neural networks over an institutionwide platform for the augmented curation of clinical notes from 77,167 patients subjected to COVID-19 PCR testing. By contrasting Electronic Health Record (EHR)-derived symptoms of COVID-19-positive (COVID pos ; n = 2,317) versus COVID-19-negative (COVID neg ; n = 74,850) patients for the week preceding the PCR testing date, we identify anosmia/dysgeusia (27.1-fold), fever/chills (2.6-fold), respiratory difficulty (2.2-fold), cough (2.2-fold), myalgia/arthralgia (2-fold), and diarrhea (1.4-fold) as significantly amplified in COVID pos over COVID neg patients. The combination of cough and fever/chills has 4.2-fold amplification in COVID pos patients during the week prior to PCR testing, in addition to anosmia/dysgeusia, constitutes the earliest EHR-derived signature of COVID-19. This study introduces an Augmented Intelligence platform for the real-time synthesis of institutional biomedical knowledge. The platform holds tremendous potential for scaling up curation throughput, thus enabling EHR-powered early disease diagnosis.Wagner et al. eLife 2020;9:e58227.






Clubfoot treatment using the Ponseti method has been severely impacted as a result of lockdown measures implemented by several countries during the COVID-19 pandemic. As clubfoot clinics begin phased re-opening, we describe various innovative techniques to protect patients and healthcare providers during delivery of clubfoot treatment services. In addition to standard social distancing measures and sanitization protocols, we report a simple and innovative technique of 'barrier casting' or 'ring-fencing' to potentially reduce the risk of droplet infection and airborne transmission during clubfoot casting and tenotomy. A transparent, disposable plastic drape is set up as a curtain and serves as an impermeable barrier between the caregiver and healthcare provider performing the casting or tenotomy. The plastic drape is cheap (< US$ 1.5), easily available and can be used effectively even in low-and middle-income countries which have a high patient load. We have utilized these innovative techniques in 43 consecutive patients since clinic re-opening and are satisfied that they are effective, economical and easily reproducible even in countries with limited resources. Innovative techniques, which have the potential to reduce the risk of disease transmission, will help in the rapid recovery of clubfoot treatment services as countries emerge from months of lockdown.




Background: COVID-19 has been quickly spreading, making it a serious public health threat. It is important to identify phenotypes to predict the severity of disease and design an individualized treatment.We collected data from 213 COVID-19 patients in Wuhan Pulmonary Hospital from January 1 to March 30, 2020. Principal component analysis (PCA) and cluster analysis were used to classify patients.We identified three distinct subgroups of COVID-19. Cluster 1 was the largest group (52.6%) and characterized by oldest age, lowest cellular immune function, and albumin levels. 38.5% of subjects were grouped into Cluster 2. Most of the lab results in Cluster 2 fell between those of Clusters 1 and 3. Cluster 3 was the smallest cluster (8.9%), characterized by youngest age and highest cellular immune function. The incidence of respiratory failure, acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS), heart failure, and usage of non-invasive mechanical ventilation in Cluster 1 was significantly higher than others (P < 0.05). Cluster 1 had the highest death rate of 30.4% (P = 0.005). Although there were significant differences in age between Clusters 2 and 3 (P < 0.001), we found that there was no difference in demand for medical resources.Conclusions: We identified three distinct clusters of the COVID-19 patients. The results show that age alone could not be used to assess a patient's condition. Specifically, management of albumin, and immune function are important in reducing the severity of disease.




The new coronavirus pneumonia Corona Virus Disease 2019 has become a global pandemic. Patients with critically COVID-19 usually require invasive respiratory support, and the airway management is particularly important and the prognosis is poor.Patient concerns: A 64-year-old man with an anastomotic fistula after radical treatment of esophageal cancer and right-side encapsulated pyopneumothorax was admitted with cough and dyspnea.Diagnosis: The patient was diagnosed with novel coronavirus pneumonia and right-side encapsulated pyopneumothorax by pharyngeal swab nucleic acid test in combination with chest computed tomography (CT).Interventions: The patient was treated with antibiotics, antiviral and antibacterial medications, respiratory support, expectorant nebulization, and nutritional support. But he expressed progressive deterioration. Endotracheal intubation and mechanical ventilation were performed since the onset of the type -respiratory failure on the 13th day of admission. The patient had persistent refractory hypercapnia after mechanical ventilation. Based on the treatment mentioned above, combined with repeated bronchoalveolar lavage by using N-acetylcysteine (NAC) inhalation solution, the patients refractory hypercapnia was gradually improved.Outcomes: The patient was cured and discharged after being given the mechanical ventilation for 26 days as well as 46 days of hospitalization, currently is surviving well.Lessons : Patients with severe conditions of novel coronavirus pneumonia often encounter bacterial infection in their later illnessstages. They may suffer respiratory failure and refractory hypercapnia that is difficult to improve due to excessive mucus secretion leading to small airway obstruction. This study provided a new insight on the proper treatment severe COVID-19 patients. The use of reasonable antibiotics and symptomatic respiratory support and other treatment, timely artificial airway and repeated bronchoalveolar NAC inhalation solution lavage, expectorant and other airway management are essential for such patients. Abbreviations: ARDS = acute respiratory distress syndrome, BNP = B-type natriuretic peptide, BP = blood pressure, COVID-19 = Corona Virus Disease 2019, CT = computed tomography, ECMO = extracorporeal membrane oxygenation, ESR = erythrocyte sedimentation rate, FiO 2 = fraction of inspiration O 2 , HGB = hemoglobin, Hs-CRP = hypersensitive-c-reactive-protein, Lac = blood lactic acid, LY = lymphocyte, NAC = N-acetylcysteine, NE = netrophil, P = pulse, PaCO 2 = partial pressure of carbon dioxide in artery, PCT = procalcitonin, PEEP = positive end-expiratory pressure, PLT = platelet, PSV = pressure support ventilation, R = Editor: Maya Saranathan. YL and MW contributed equally.1 respiration, RBC = red blood cell, SIMV = synchronized intermittent mandatory ventilation, SpO 2 = pulse oxygen saturation, T = temperature, WBC = white blood cell.




Background. Contact tracing plays an important role in the control of emerging infectious diseases, but little is known yet about its effectiveness. Here we deduce from a generic mathematical model how effectiveness of tracing relates to various aspects of time, such as the course of individual infectivity, the (variability in) time between infection and symptom-based detection, and delays in the tracing process. In addition, the possibility of iteratively tracing of yet asymptomatic infecteds is considered. With these insights we explain why contact tracing was and will be effective for control of smallpox and SARS, only partially effective for foot-and-mouth disease, and likely not effective for influenza. Methods and Findings. We investigate contact tracing in a model of an emerging epidemic that is flexible enough to use for most infections. We consider isolation of symptomatic infecteds as the basic scenario, and express effectiveness as the proportion of contacts that need to be traced for a reproduction ratio smaller than 1. We obtain general results for special cases, which are interpreted with respect to the likely success of tracing for influenza, smallpox, SARS, and foot-and-mouth disease epidemics. Conclusions. We conclude that (1) there is no general predictive formula for the proportion to be traced as there is for the proportion to be vaccinated; (2) variability in time to detection is favourable for effective tracing; (3) tracing effectiveness need not be sensitive to the duration of the latent period and tracing delays; (4) iterative tracing primarily improves effectiveness when single-step tracing is on the brink of being effective.




The constitutional isomers and tautomers of oxadiazolones, as well as their mono-and disulfur analogues, were calculated at the B3LYP/aug-cc-pVDZ level. Four groups of 30 molecules each were considered: oxadiazolone, oxadiazolthione, thiadiazolone, and thiadiazolthione isomers. The compounds were categorized into six groups according to permutations of three heteroatoms in the five-membered ring. Additionally, each of the constitutional isomer was considered to have five tautomers conserving stable five-membered ring: two NH tautomers, two rotameric OH (or SH) forms and one CH 2 tautomer. It appeared that the largest difference between oxadiazolone O and S analogues is produced by the kind of chalcogen atom in the ring, which is strained when the O atom is in the ring while much less strained when the S-atom, of much larger van der Waals radius, is built into the ring. The external chalcogen is only modifying the general energetic factors. The comparison of energetics of analogous groups of molecules with thiadiazole and oxadiazole rings is done in details as well as differences resulting from different external chalcogen atoms are discussed as well. The presence of water surrounding was mimicked with the IEF-PCM implicit water model which did not change general isomer relative stability picture, but for some special cases indicated an extra stability of the forms with external OH or SH groups. The aromaticity monitored by the structural HOMA aromaticity index shows that the systems are not additionally stabilized by pi-electron delocalization. The fair linear correlation between the aromaticity indices of oxadiazolones and oxadiazolthiones shows that the pi-electron system in the studied systems is not sensitive to change of the external chalcogen group.





In this study, we evaluated the anti-reovirus activity of kuraridin isolated from the roots of Sophora flavescens. In particular, we focused on whether this property is attributable to direct inhibition of reovirus attachment and/or inhibition of viral replication with the aid of time-of-addition (pre-treatment, simultaneous treatment, and post-treatment) experiments. No significant antiviral activity of kuraridin was detected in the pre-treatment assay. In the simultaneous assay, the 50% effective inhibitory concentrations (EC 50 ) of kuraridin were 15.3e176.9 mM against human type 1e3 reoviruses (HRV1e3) and Korean porcine reovirus (PRV). Kuraridin completely blocked binding of viral sigma 1 protein to sialic acids at concentrations lower than 82.5 mM in the hemagglutination inhibition assay. Moreover, kuraridin inhibited HRV1e3 and PRV viral replication with EC 50 values of 14.0e62.0 mM. Quantitative real-time PCR analysis disclosed strong suppression of reovirus RNA synthesis at the late stage (18 h) of virus replication by kuraridin. The viral yields of kuraridin-treated cells were significantly reduced at 24 h postinfection, compared with DMSO-treated cells. Our results collectively suggest that kuraridin inhibits virus adsorption and replication by inhibiting hemagglutination, viral RNA and protein synthesis and virus shedding, supporting its utility as a viable candidate antiviral drug against reoviruses.




The spread of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus-2 (SARS-CoV-2) caused a worldwide outbreak of coronavirus disease 19 (COVID-19), which rapidly evolved as a global concern. The efforts of the scientific community are pointed towards the identification of promptly available therapeutic options. RNA-dependent RNA polymerase (RdRp) is a promising target for developing small molecules to contrast SARS-CoV-2 replication. Modern computational tools can boost identification and repurposing of known drugs targeting RdRp. We here report the results regarding the screening of a database containing more than 8800 molecules, including approved, experimental, nutraceutical, illicit, withdrawn and investigational compounds. The molecules were docked against the cryo-electron microscopy structure of SARS-CoV-2 RdRp, optimized by means of molecular dynamics (MD) simulations. The adopted three-stage ensemble docking study underline that compounds formerly developed as kinase inhibitors may interact with RdRp.ARTICLE HISTORY




The panel of laboratory tests available for diagnosis of gastrointestinal (GI) diseases in dogs and cats is wide, and, recently, several new tests have been developed. This article will focus on advances in laboratory tests that are available for the general practitioner for diagnosis of GI diseases. Laboratory tests for diagnosis of gastric and intestinal infectious diseases include fecal parasite screening tests, enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays for parvoviral enteritis, and some specific bacterial tests like fluorescent in situ hybridization for identification of specific bacteria attached to the intestinal epithelial cells. Serum concentrations of folate and cobalamin are markers of intestinal absorption, but are also changed in exocrine pancreatic insufficiency and intestinal bacterial overgrowth. Hypocobalaminemia is common in GI and pancreatic disease. Decreased serum trypsinlike immunoreactivity is a very sensitive and specific test for the diagnosis of exocrine pancreatic insufficiency in dogs and cats. Serum pancreatic lipase is currently the most sensitive and specific test to identify pancreatic cell damage and acute pancreatitis. However, serum canine pancreas-specific lipase is less sensitive in canine chronic pancreatitis. Increased serum trypsin-like immunoreactivity is also specific for pancreatic damage but is less sensitive. It is very likely that further studies will help to better specify the role of these new tests in the diagnosis of canine and feline pancreatic diseases.




Cyclic GMP-AMP synthase (cGAS) is an essential sensor of cytosolic DNA and critically mediates innate immune responses and autoimmunity. Modulating the activity and stability of cGAS provides potential strategies for treating viral or autoimmune diseases. Here, we report that ubiquitin-specific protease 29 (USP29) deubiquitinates and stabilizes cGAS and promotes cellular antiviral responses and autoimmunity. Knockdown or knockout of USP29 severely impairs Herpes simplex virus 1 (HSV-1)-or cytosolic DNAinduced expression of type I interferons (IFNs) and proinflammatory cytokines. Consistently, Usp29 m/m mice produce decreased type I IFNs and proinflammatory cytokines after HSV-1 infection and are hypersensitive to HSV-1 infection compared to the wildtype littermates. In addition, genetic ablation of USP29 in Trex1 −/− mice eliminated the detectable pathological and molecular autoimmune phenotypes. Mechanistically, USP29 constitutively interacts with cGAS, deconjugates K48-linked polyubiquitin chains from cGAS and stabilizes cGAS in uninfected cells or after HSV-1 infection. Reconstitution of cGAS into Usp29 −/− cells fully rescues type I IFN induction and cellular antiviral responses after HSV-1 infection. Our findings thus reveal a critical role of USP29 in the innate antiviral responses against DNA viruses and autoimmune diseases and provide insight into the regulation of cGAS.




Preventing and controlling meticillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) includes early detection and isolation. In the emergency department (ED), such measures have to be balanced with the requirement to treat patients urgently and transfer quickly to an acute hospital bed. We assessed, in a busy and overcrowded ED, the contribution made to a patient's stay by previous MRSA risk group identification and by selective rescreening of those patients who were previously documented in the research hospital as being MRSA positive. Patients with a previous diagnosis of MRSA colonisation were flagged automatically as 'risk group' (RG) on their arrival in the ED and were compared with 'non-risk group' (NRG), i.e. not previously demonstrated in the research hospital to be infected or colonised with MRSA. Over an 18 month period, there were 16 456 admissions via the ED, of which 985 (6%) were RG patients. The expected median times to be admitted following a request for a ward bed for NRG and RG patients were 10.4 and 12.9 h, respectively. Female sex, age >65 years, and RG status all independently predicted a statistically significantly longer stay in the ED following a request for a hospital bed. We consider that national and local policies for MRSA need to balance the welfare of patients in the ED with the need to comply with best practice, when there are inadequate ED and inpatient isolation facilities. Patients with MRSA requiring emergency admission must have a bed available for them.




Object: To study chest computed tomography (




The COVID-19 pandemic has caused disruptions in cancer care around the world due to logistical and psychosocial reasons. This paper was written with the primary objective of providing a guide for medical oncologists in addressing concerns in the management of adult patients with solid tumours in the Philippines and for those working under similar circumstances. These recommendations are divided into prioritisation of cancer care, ensuring a safe work environment, organising the transition of cancer care, and maintaining cohesion in a time of isolation.




Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) is a new human infectious disease. The etiology for this outbreak is a novel coronavirus named severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2). Thus far, related research on COVID-19 is still in preliminary stage. This paper summarized the latest outcomes of corresponding study from Chinese centers and clarified the hematopoietic abnormality caused by SARS-CoV-2 and potential mechanism. Lymphopenia was common in the early stage after the onset of COVID-19. A significant decrease was observed in peripheral CD4+ and CD8+ T lymphocytes. As the illness progressed, neutrophilia emerged in several cases, and patients with severe critical pulmonary conditions showed higher neutrophils than common type. Thrombocytopenia was resulting from the consumption and/or the reduced production of platelets in damaged lungs. Anemia was not observed notably, but the decrease in hemoglobin was frequent. The activation of monocytemacrophage system aggravates the immune damage of lung and other tissues, which leads to the increase of D-dimer, prothrombin time, and platelet consumption.







Initial observations showed that people with chronic noncommunicable diseases were at heightened risk of severe COVID-19 and adverse outcomes. Subsequently, data from various countries have revealed obesity as an independent and significant factor, with people who are overweight/ have obesity significantly more likely to be hospitalized, require ICU treatment, and to die. Notably, this additional risk applies to younger people relative to the general COVID-19 risk profile. This paper sets out the evidence of greater risk of poor COVID outcomes for people who are overweight/have obesity, indication of reduced treatment and support for obesity selfmanagement where it existed prior to COVID-19, and highlights the dearth of specific guidance and measures to mitigate the impacts of COVID-19 upon people with obesity. We identify the health, social and economic impacts that this specific vulnerability creates relative to COVID-19 outcomes. Reduced national and global pandemic resilience due to high obesity prevalence should spur governments and funders to provide urgent specific protection and support for people with overweight/obesity, and to commission rapid research to identify effective prevention and reduction measures. We set out priorities for action on obesity to begin compensating for years of underfunding and inadequate policy attention in the face of escalating obesity across countries of all income groups and world regions.ARTICLE HISTORY




There has been an outbreak of coronavirus disease in Wuhan city, Hubei province, China since December 2019. Cases have been exported to other parts of China and more than 20 countries. We provide estimates of the daily trend in the size of the epidemic in Wuhan based on detailed information of 10,940 confirmed cases outside Hubei province.




Background: Acetylacetone is a commercially bulk chemical with diverse applications. However, the traditional manufacturing methods suffer from many drawbacks such as multiple steps, harsh conditions, low yield, and environmental problems, which hamper further applications of petrochemical-based acetylacetone. Compared to conventional chemical methods, biosynthetic methods possess advantages such as being eco-friendly, and having mild conditions, high selectivity and low potential costs. It is urgent to develop biosynthetic route for acetylacetone to avoid the present problems.The biosynthetic pathway of acetylacetone was constructed by reversing its biodegradation route, and the acetylacetone was successfully produced by engineered Escherichia coli (E. coli) by overexpression of acetylacetone-cleaving enzyme (Dke1) from Acinetobacter johnsonii. Several promising amino acid residues were selected for enzyme improvement based on sequence alignment and structure analysis, and the acetylacetone production was improved by site-directed mutagenesis of Dke1. The double-mutant (K15Q/A60D) strain presented the highest acetylacetone-producing capacity which is 3.6-fold higher than that of the wild-type protein. Finally, the strain accumulated 556.3 ± 15.2 mg/L acetylacetone in fed-batch fermentation under anaerobic conditions.This study presents the first intuitive biosynthetic pathway for acetylacetone inspired by its biodegradation, and shows the potential for large-scale production.




In the Veneto Region, an exponential spread of patients affected by 2019 novel Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) has been observed after February 21st. Since then, we have been evaluating children suspected or confirmed for SARS-CoV-2 infection. A protocol for pediatric hospital reorganization and children management has been developed, since the beginning of the epidemic. A pre-triage area has been created at the immediate entrance of the pediatric emergency room, for all uncritical pediatric patients. According to the epidemiologic and clinical risk factors, all children/adolescents have been addressing to one of the four different pathways created. The strict application of this protocol has been leading to quickly identification, isolation, and management of all positive children, preventing SARS-CoV-2 intrahospital spread.





Most children who present with acute onset of barky cough, stridor, and chest-wall indrawing have croup. A careful history and physical examination is the best method to confi rm the diagnosis and to rule out potentially serious alternative disorders such as bacterial tracheitis and other rare causes of upper-airway obstruction. Epinephrine delivered via a nebuliser is eff ective for temporary relief of symptoms of airway obstruction. Corticosteroids are the mainstay of treatment, and benefi t is seen in children with all levels of severity of croup, including mild cases.




In the search to rapidly identify effective therapies that will mitigate the morbidity and mortality of COVID-19, attention has been directed towards the repurposing of existing drugs. Candidates for repurposing include drugs that target COVID-19 pathobiology, including agents that alter angiotensin signaling. Recent data indicate that key findings in COVID-19 patients include thrombosis and endothelitis.Activation of PAR1 (Proteinase-activated receptor 1), in particular by the serine protease thrombin, is a critical element in platelet aggregation and coagulation. PAR1 activation also impacts on the actions of other cell types involved in COVID-19 pathobiology, including endothelial cells, fibroblasts and pulmonary alveolar epithelial cells. Vorapaxar is an approved inhibitor of PAR1, used for treatment of patients with myocardial infarction or peripheral arterial disease. Here, we discuss evidence implying a possible beneficial role for vorapaxar in the treatment of COVID-19 patients and in addition, other as-yet non-approved antagonists of PAR1 and PAR4.




One-step rapid quantification of SARS-CoV-2 virus particles via lowcost nanoplasmonic sensors in generic microplate reader and point-of-care device, Biosensors and Bioelectronics (2020), doi: https://doi.The spread of SARS-CoV-2 virus in the ongoing global pandemic has led to infections of millions of people and losses of many lives. The rapid, accurate and convenient SARS-CoV-2 virus detection is crucial for controlling and stopping the pandemic. Diagnosis of patients in the early stage infection are so far limited to viral nucleic acid or antigen detection in human nasopharyngeal swab or saliva samples. Here we developed a method for rapid and direct optical measurement of SARS-CoV-2 virus particles in one step nearly without any sample preparation using a spike protein specific nanoplasmonic resonance sensor. As low as 370 vp/mL were detected in one step within 15 minutes and the virus concentration can be quantified linearly in the range of 0 to 10 7 vp/mL. Measurements shown on both generic microplate reader and a handheld smartphone connected device suggest that our low-cost and rapid detection method may be adopted quickly under both regular clinical environment and resource-limited settings.Keywords COVID-19, SARS-CoV-2 virus, nanoplasmonic sensor, antibody conjugation, point of care testing J o u r n a l P r e -p r o o f




We are proud to supply the new Ford Kuga with tires that have very good © Ford COVER STORY INTErVIE w INTERVIEW: Frank Jung © Ford COVER STORY INTErVIE w




Please cite this article as: K. Wada, Y. Wada and T. Ikemura, Time-series analyses of directional sequence changes in SARS-CoV-2 genomes and an efficient search method for candidates for advantageous mutations for growth in human cells, GENE: X (2020), https://doi.We first conducted time-series analysis of mono-and dinucleotide composition for over 10,000 SARS-CoV-2 genomes, as well as over 1500 Zaire ebolavirus genomes, and found clear time-series changes in the compositions on a monthly basis, which should reflect viral adaptations for efficient growth in human cells. We next developed a sequence alignment free method that extensively searches for advantageous mutations and rank them in an increase level for their intrapopulation frequency. Time-series analysis of occurrences of oligonucleotides of diverse lengths for SARS-CoV-2 genomes revealed seven distinctive mutations that rapidly expanded their intrapopulation frequency and are thought to be candidates of advantageous mutations for the efficient growth in human cells. J o u r n a l P r e -p r o o f Journal Pre-proof 2. Materials and methods Genome sequences of human SARS-CoV-2 were downloaded from the GISAID database (https://www.gisaid.org/epiflu-applications/next-hcov-19-app/) (Elbe and Buckland-Merrett, 2017; Shu and McCauley, 2017); sequences belonging to the complete genome, high-coverage and human categories were downloaded on May 2, 2020. We used all SARS-CoV-2 genome sequences thus obtained, after removing polyA-tail sequences. Although there are a significant number of viral sequences that contained many Ns (undetermined nucleotides), the present study did not conduct any J o u r n a l P r e -p r o o f Journal Pre-proof ebolavirus (Wada et al., 2016). The monthly results clearly show a monotonic decrease in A and C% and a monotonic increase in G and U%. This representation, however, does not directly compare a level of the change between mononucleotides. Using December 2019 as the starting point for the current pandemic (0 in both the horizontal and vertical axes), the level of increase or decrease of each mononucleotide composition (%) from the start is plotted for each month (Fig. 1c); the significant increase in G and U% and the decrease in A and C% can be visualized in a single figure. J o u r n a l P r e -p r o o f Journal Pre-proof January. Among 493 strains in February, mutations in Seq1, 2, 3 and 4 were found in 65, 65, 62 and 67 strains. New mutations in Seq5, 6 and 7 were found in 10, 11 and 27strains, and were almost always present in strains with the Seq4 mutation; i.e., Seq5, 6 and 7 mutations occurred in a strain with the Seq4 mutation. Although the majority of Seq5 and 6 mutations were observed in common strains, the Seq7 mutation was exclusive to the former two; i.e., the mutation occurred independently from those of Seq5 and 6.




Developments in Brain Computer Interfaces (BCIs) are empowering those with severe physical afflictions through their use in assistive systems. Common methods of achieving this is via Motor-Imagery (MI), which maps brain signals to code for certain commands. Electroencephalogram (EEG) is preferred for recording brain signal data on account of it being non-invasive. Despite their potential utility, MI-BCI systems are yet confined to research labs. A major cause for this is lack of robustness of such systems. As hypothesized by two teams during Cybathlon 2016, a particular source of the system's vulnerability is the sharp change in the subject's state of emotional arousal. This work aims towards making MI-BCI systems resilient to such emotional perturbations. To do so, subjects are exposed to high and low arousal-inducing virtual reality (VR) environments before recording EEG data. The advent of COVID-19 compelled us to modify our methodology. Instead of training machine learning algorithms to classify emotional arousal, we opt for classifying subjects that serve as proxy for each state. Additionally, MI models are trained for each subject instead of each arousal state. As training subjects to use MI-BCI can be an arduous and time-consuming process, reducing this variability and increasing robustness can considerably accelerate the acceptance and adoption of assistive technologies powered by BCI.





A pattern in which nucleotide transitions are favored several fold over transversions is common in molecular evolution. When this pattern occurs among amino acid replacements, explanations often invoke an effect of selection, on the grounds that transitions are more conservative in their effects on proteins. However, the underlying hypothesis of conservative transitions has never been tested directly. Here we assess support for this hypothesis using direct evidence: the fitness effects of mutations in actual proteins measured via individual or paired growth experiments. We assembled data from 8 published studies, ranging in size from 24 to 757 single-nucleotide mutations that change an amino acid. Every study has the statistical power to reveal significant effects of amino acid exchangeability, and most studies have the power to discern a binary conservative-vs-radical distinction. However, only one study suggests that transitions are significantly more conservative than transversions. In the combined set of 1,239 replacements (544 transitions, 695 transversions), the chance that a transition is more conservative than a transversion is 53 % (95 % confidence interval 50 to 56) compared with the null expectation of 50 %. We show that this effect is not large compared with that of most biochemical factors, and is not large enough to explain the several-fold bias observed in evolution. In short, the available data have the power to verify the ""conservative transitions"" hypothesis if true, but suggest instead that selection on proteins plays at best a minor role in the observed bias.





The contribution of this paper is twofold. First, a new data driven approach for predicting the Covid-19 pandemic dynamics is introduced. The second contribution consists in reporting and discussing the results that were obtained with this approach for the Brazilian states, with predictions starting as of 4 May 2020. As a preliminary study, we first used an Long Short Term Memory for Data Training-SAE (LSTM-SAE) network model. Although this first approach led to somewhat disappointing results, it served as a good baseline for testing other ANN types. Subsequently, in order to identify relevant countries and regions to be used for training ANN models, we conduct a clustering of the world's regions where the pandemic is at an advanced stage. This clustering is based on manually engineered features representing a country's response to the early spread of the pandemic, and the different clusters obtained are used to select the relevant countries for training the models. The final models retained are Modified Auto-Encoder networks, that are trained on these clusters and learn to predict future data for Brazilian states. These predictions are used to estimate important statistics about the disease, such as peaks and number of confirmed cases. Finally, curve fitting is carried out to find the distribution that best fits the outputs of the MAE, and to refine the estimates of the peaks of the pandemic. Predicted numbers reach a total of more than one million infected Brazilians, distributed among the different states, with São Paulo leading with about 150 thousand confirmed cases predicted. The results indicate that the pandemic is still growing in Brazil, with most states peaks of infection estimated in the second half of May 2020. The estimated end of the pandemics (97% of cases reaching an outcome) spread between June and the end of August 2020, depending on the states.




coronavirus disease 2019 prolongs QTc corrected interval (QTc). The effect and safety of Lopinavir/Ritonavir in combination with these therapies have seldom been studied. Objectives: Our aim was to evaluate changes in QTc in patients receiving double (Hydroxychloroquine + Azithromycin) and triple therapy (Hydroxychloroquine + Azithromycin + Lopinavir/Ritonavir) to treat COVID-19. Secondary outcome was the incidence of in-hospital all-cause mortality.were consecutively included in this prospective observational study. Serial in-hospital electrocardiograms were performed to measure QTc at baseline and during therapy.Results: 168 patients (66.2 years old) were included: 32.1% received DT and 67.9% received TT. The mean baseline QTc was 410.33 ms. Patients under DT and TT prolonged QTc interval respect baseline values (p<0.001), without significant differences between both therapy groups (p= 0.748). Overall, 33 patients (19.6%) had a peak QTc and/or an increase QTc 60 ms from baseline, with a higher prevalence among those with hypokalemia (p = 0.003). All-cause mortality was similar between both strategy groups (p=0.093) and high risk QTc prolongation was no related to clinical events in this series.: DT and TT prolong the QTc in patients with COVID-19. Addition of Lopinavir/Ritonavir on top of Hydroxychloroquine and Azithromycin did not increase QTc compared to DT.







Background: Implementation of isolation precautions from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) has been justified through research and clinical evidence. However, nurses' understanding and compliance with these precautions is still unknown. The aim of this study was to assess nurses' knowledge and practices in relation to isolation precautions in Jordan. Methods: A cross-sectional, descriptive design was used. The study took place in 8 hospitals in Jordan. A self-reported questionnaire and an observational checklist were developed based on the CDC (2007) isolation precautions guidelines. Results: A total of 247 questionnaires were returned out of 400, for a response rate of 61.7%. The results show that most nurses (90%) have good knowledge of isolation precautions. However, only 65% of nurses reported good compliance with isolation precautions. The results of a t test revealed that nurses with Bachelor's degrees perform better in knowledge examinations than nurses with 2-year diplomas (P < .001). However, there was no significant difference in knowledge and self-report practices scores based on nurses' previous training and existence of isolation guidelines in their units or wards (P > .05). The results of the checklists confirm that there is a low compliance with standard isolation practice. In addition, the checklist shows that a high percentage of units and wards do not use isolation signs (46.4%) and posters (34.5%). Conclusions: This study revealed that educating nurses about isolation is not enough strategy to improve their compliance. It is important to adapt other strategies, such as supporting nurses by giving them a manageable workload, and providing more supplies and reminders of isolation precautions in the hospitals.




The cancer population seems to be more susceptible to COVID-19 infection and have worse outcomes. We had to adapt our medical practice to protect our patients without compromising their cancer prognosis. The national PRATICOVID study aims to describe the adaptation of cancer patient care for this population. We analyzed data from nine different institutions. The primary endpoint was to assess the prevalence of adapted patient care during the pandemic. The secondary endpoints were to describe the point of view of clinicians and patients during and after the pandemic. We analyzed 435 medical procedures between 9 th of March and 30 th of April. Because of the COVID-19 pandemic, 47.6% of the outpatients received modified patient care.HELISSEY Et aL.




Submissions should be made via our electronic submission system at http://ees.elsevier.com/ thelancet/




Pulmonary alveolar proteinosis (PAP) is characterized by accumulation of a surfactant-like substance in alveolar spaces and hypoxemic respiratory failure. Genetic PAP (GPAP) is caused by mutations in genes encoding surfactant proteins or genes encoding a surfactant phospholipid transporter in alveolar type II epithelial cells. GPAP is also caused by mutations in genes whose products are implicated in surfactant catabolism in alveolar macrophages (AMs). We performed whole-exome sequence analysis in a family affected by infantile-onset PAP with hypogammaglobulinemia without causative mutations in genes associated with PAP: SFTPB, SFTPC, ABCA3, CSF2RA, CSF2RB, and GATA2. We identified a heterozygous missense variation in OAS1, encoding 2, 0 5 0 -oligoadenylate synthetase 1 (OAS1) in three affected siblings, but not in unaffected family members. Deep sequence analysis with next-generation sequencing indicated 3.81% mosaicism of this variant in DNA from their mother's peripheral blood leukocytes, suggesting that PAP observed in this family could be inherited as an autosomal-dominant trait from the mother. We identified two additional de novo heterozygous missense variations of OAS1 in two unrelated simplex individuals also manifesting infantile-onset PAP with hypogammaglobulinemia. PAP in the two simplex individuals resolved after hematopoietic stem cell transplantation, indicating that OAS1 dysfunction is associated with impaired surfactant catabolism due to the defects in AMs.





Purpose: Social distancing strategies such as ""stay-at-home"" (SAH) orders can slow the transmission of contagious viruses like the SARS-CoV-2 virus, but require population adherence to be effective. This study explored adherence to SAH orders by young adults with hazardous drinking, and the role of alcohol consumption with in-person contacts on adherence. Methods: Analyses included young adults with hazardous drinking (i.e., AUDIT-C score !3/4 for women/men; n ¼ 50; ages 18e25) participating in a randomized trial in Pittsburgh, PA. Participants provided experience sampling reports on drinking twice per week from the week before SAH orders started on April 1, 2020 through 6 weeks during the SAH period. We examined how in-person contact with non-household friends changed over time and event-level relationships between alcohol consumption and in-person contacts. Results: The percentage of participants with any in-person contact in the week before SAH was 44% (95% confidence interval [CI] 30%e59%), which decreased to 29% (95% CI 15%e43%) in the first SAH week and increased to 65% (95% CI 46%e85%) by SAH week 6. Controlling for average levels of alcohol consumption, on days when young adults drank, participants reported more in-person contacts compared to nondrinking days. Conclusions: Preliminary data indicate that, among young adults with hazardous drinking, adherence to public policies like SAH orders is suboptimal, declines over time, and is associated with drinking events. Interventions aimed at enhancing young adults' adherence to social distancing policies are urgently needed.





Endocytosis occurs at the cell surface and involves internalization of the plasma membrane (PM) along with its constituent membrane proteins and lipids. Endocytosis is involved in sampling of the extracellular milieu and also serves to regulate various processes initiated at the cell surface. These include nutrient uptake, signaling from cellsurface receptors, and many other processes essential for cell and tissue functioning in metazoans. It is also central to the maintenance of PM lipid and protein homeostasis. There are multiple means of internalization that operate concurrently, at the cell surface. With advancement in high-resolution visualization techniques, it is now possible to track multiple endocytic cargo at the same time, revealing a remarkable diversity of endocytic processes in a single cell. A combination of live cell imaging and efficient genetic manipulations has also aided in understanding the functional hierarchy of molecular players in these mechanisms of internalization. Here we provide an account of various endocytic routes, their mechanisms of operation and occurrence across phyla.




Hofmann, M. and Wyler, R., 1989. Quantitation, biological and physicochemical properties of cell culture-adapted porcine epidemic diarrhea coronavirus (PEDV). Vet. Microbiol., The porcine epidemic coronavirus ( PEDV ), tentatively classified as a coronavirus, was adapted to Vero cells and a plaque test developed for infectivity titration, allowing us to test the biological and biophysical properties of the virus. Growth kinetics showed peak titers of l0 ss' plaque-forming units ml -~ 15 h after infection. Filtration experiments and electron microscopy revealed a particle diameter between 100 and 200 nm. The buoyant density of the virus was 1.18. The particle lost its infectivity on treatment with lipid solvents. Virus replication could not be inhibited by 5-iodo-2'-deoxyuridine. PEDV was moderately stable at 50°C, but heat sensitivity was not altered by divalent cations. At 4 ° C, the virus was stable between pH 5.0 and 9.0, but at 37 °C stability was restricted to the pH range 6.5-7.5. Viral infectivity was not impaired by ultrasonication or by multiple freezing and thawing. PEDV was not neutralized by transmissible gastroenteritis virus antiserum. On the basis of the tests carried out, PEDV is a pleomorphic, enveloped RNA virus with a particle diameter of ~ 150 nm and a buoyant density of 1.18. Infectivity depends on the presence of trypsin, and infected cells show a tendency to fuse and to form syncytia. All of these properties, as well as its physicochemical characteristics, allow PEDV to be classified as a coronavirus.




A 56-year-old male patient was listed for liver transplantation with a Model For End-Stage Liver Disease (MELD) Score of 19 points due to cryptogenic cirrhosis and a history of hepatitis B. Transplantation was considered urgent, as the patient suffered from tense ascites with recurring spontaneous bacterial peritonitis, esophageal varices, acute-on-chronic renal failure, and newly occurring dyskinesia that required repeated periods of hospitalization. The patient was readmitted to our hospital due to exacerbation on March 18, 1 week after COVID-19 was declared a pandemic by the WHO. At that time however, the pandemic was still in its very early phase in Germany, with only 9360 confirmed cases in the entire country with a population of about 83To date, little is known about the duration and effectiveness of immunity as well as possible adverse late effects after an infection with SARS-CoV-2. Thus it is unclear, when and if liver transplantation can be safely offered to patients who suffered from COVID-19. Here, we report on a successful liver transplantation shortly after convalescence from COVID-19 with subsequent partial seroreversion as well as recurrence and prolonged shedding of viral RNA.clinical research/practice, immunosuppressant, immunosuppression/immune modulation, liver allograft function/dysfunction, liver transplantation/hepatology, organ transplantation in general, T cell biology




This protocol describes a streamlined method of plasmid DNA extraction by continual thermal lysis, a modification of the basic boiling lysis technique, to simplify the processing of large volumes of Escherichia coli cultures. Fermented bacteria are harvested using a hollow fibermembrane module and pre-treated with lysozyme prior to passing through a thermal exchange coil set at 70 1C to lyse the cells, and into a juxtaposed cooling coil on ice. The lysed and cooled bacteria are subsequently separated from the lysate by centrifugation and plasmid DNA is precipitated from the supernatant for further purification. The use of peristaltic pumps and two heating coils at constant temperature without the use of centrifugation enable the lysis process to become constant and controllable, providing a flow-through protocol for cell lysis and plasmid DNA extraction. Large volumes of bacterial cultures (20 l) can be processed in 2 h, yielding approximately 100 mg plasmid DNA l -1 culture, making this an attractive protocol for consistent and large-scale preparation of plasmid DNA.




Published: xx xx xxxx OPEN www.nature.com/scientificreports www.nature.com/scientificreports/ PVCs and characterized by the minimum sequence: P, QRS, PVC, P, QRS, PVC 28 . Salvos were defined as two or three consecutive PVCs, and ventricular tachycardia (VT) was defined as a run of four or more consecutive ventricular premature beats 28 . Hematology (n = 34 SPF animals, n = 100 conventional animals). Whole blood (0.5 ml) was collected from the femoral artery catheter of SPF animals (n = 34) to measure complete blood counts using the VetScan HM5 analyser (REM Systems, Macquarie Park, New South Wales). The hematology results reported for conventional animals (n = 100) were from a study immediately prior to transitioning to SPF animals.Coagulation parameters (n = 2 SPF animals; n = 2 conventional animals). Rotational thromboelastometry (ROTEM ® , Tem International, Munich, Germany) analysis was conducted on citrated whole blood samples according to manufacturer's instructions to measure clotting time (CT; sec), maximum clot firmness (MCF; mm), actual clot firmness 60 min after clot initiation (ACF; mm), and maximum clot lysis (ML; %) 29,30 . Assays included EXTEM (extrinsically-activated test using tissue factor) and APTEM (activation as for EXTEM with aprotonin). Aprotinin at low levels (10-50 KIU/mL) inhibits plasmin activation of fibrinolysis and plasmin-induced platelet activation 31 . Hyperfibrinolysis is defined as ML ≥ 15% 32,33 and confirmed with APTEM test.Health screening, macropathology and histopathology (n = 2 SPF animals; n = 2 conventional animals). Two male rats from the James Cook University conventional Sprague-Dawley colony, two male SPF rats from the AITHM Small Animal Facility, and two male SPF rats acclimated for seven days in a conventional facility were sent to Cerberus Sciences (Adelaide, South Australia) for investigation by an independent Specialist Veterinary Pathologist. Enteric and respiratory bacteriology and endo-and ecto-parisitology assessments were performed using direct examination, culture, and PCR methods.






The COVID-19 pandemic caused by the SARS-CoV-2 has recently emerged as a serious jolt to human life and economy. Initial knowledge established pulmonary complications as the chief symptom, however, the neurological aspect of the disease is also becoming increasingly evident. Emerging reports of encephalopathies and similar ailments with the detection of the virus in the CSF has elicited an urgent need for investigating the possibility of neuroinvasiveness of the virus, which cannot be ruled out given the expression of low levels of ACE2 receptors in the brain. Sensory impairments of the olfactory and gustatory systems have also been reported in a large proportion of the cases, indicating the involvement of the peripheral nervous system. Hence, the possibility of neurological damage caused by the virus demands immediate attention and investigation of the mechanisms involved, so as to customize the treatment of patients presenting with neurological complications.Khan and Gomes. eLife 2020;9:e59136.




The pandemic of 2020 has led to a huge interest of modeling and simulation of infectious diseases. One of the central questions is the potential infection zone produced by a cough. In this paper, mathematical models are developed to simulate the progressive time-evolution of the distribution of locations of particles produced by a cough. Analytical and numerical studies are undertaken. The models ascertain the range, distribution and settling time of the particles under the influence of gravity and drag from the surrounding air. Beyond qualitative trends that illustrate that large particles travel far and settle quickly, while small particles do not travel far and settle slowly, the models provide quantitative results for distances travelled and settling times, which are needed for constructing social distancing policies and workplace protocols.







Current SARS-CoV-2 containment measures rely on controlling viral transmission. Effective prioritization can be determined by understanding SARS-CoV-2 transmission dynamics. We conducted a systematic review and meta-analyses of the secondary attack rate (SAR) in household and healthcare settings. We also examined whether household transmission differed by symptom status of index case, adult and children, and relationship to index case.We searched PubMed, medRxiv, and bioRxiv databases between January 1 and July 25, 2020. High-quality studies presenting original data for calculating point estimates and 95% confidence intervals (CI) were included. Random effects models were constructed to pool SAR in household and healthcare settings. Publication bias was assessed by funnel plots and Egger's meta-regression test.




Principal comorbidities were assessed using the provided information by nursing homes, hospitals or private practices. Coronary heart disease, myocardial infarction and angina pectoris were grouped as one disease entity, while dementia and stroke were considered separate diseases. Hormonal abnormalities, diabetes and obesity were considered metabolic diseases. Liver diseases, malignancies and autoimmune diseases were considered other diseases. Acute kidney injury (AKI) was defined as the report of AKI, oliguria or the need for dialysis in the patient history as well as abnormalities in the bloodwork consistent with the KDIGO AKI definition. Of note, some patients died in nursing homes without full laboratory workup. For survival calculations, we estimated the interval between the first positive respiratory swab for SARS-CoV-2 (COVID-19 diagnosis) and date of death. Survival analysis was performed only within the first 21 days of clinical course as we detected imbalances in the number of patients from each group after this time point.A full protocol has been previously reported 1 . Briefly, autopsy kidney samples were stored at 4°C in RNA later solution (ThermoFisher; AM7021-500ML). All tissue samples were grinded (Precellys 24, Bertin, Rockville, US) using 2ml tubes prefilled with ceramic beads (Precellys Lysing Kit) and 1ml RNA and DNA free PCR grade water. For RNA/DNA extraction, 200µl of the grinded tissue lysate was transferred to the MagnaPure96 (Roche, Mannheim, Germany). For virus quantification, a previously published assay was adopted with modifications using chimeric 2'-O-methyl RNA bases at the penultimate base of both primers (mG and mC) to reduce primer dimer formation 2 . The forward primer, 5´-ACAGGTACGTTAATAGTTAATAGCmGT-3 (400nM end concentration), 5´TATTGCAGCAGTACGCACAmCA-3´ (400nM end concentration) and probe 5´-Fam-ACACTAGCC/ZEN/ATCCTTACTGCGCTTCG-Iowa Black FQ-3' (100nM end concentration) were used. Primer and probes were obtained from Integrated DNA Technologies (IDT, Leuven, Belgium). One-step RT-PCR (25µl volume) was run on the LightCycler480 system (Roche) using one step RNA control kit as master mix (Roche) and 5µl of eluate. Ct value for the target SARS-CoV-2 RNA (FAM) was determined using second derivative maximum method. For quantification, standard in-vitro transcribed RNA (IVT-RNA) of the E gene of SARS-CoV-2 was used. The standard was obtained via the European Virus Archive 3 . Linear range of the assay is between 1x10 3 and 1x10 9 copies/ml. Quantitative β-globin PCR was performed with commercial TaqMan primer set (Thermo-Fischer, 401846) and Roche DNA control kit. PCR was run on the LightCycler480 system. The amount of DNA was normalized using human DNA standard (KR0454). SARS-CoV-2 RNA levels in tissues were normalized to b-globin DNA to adjust for differences in tissue input.Vero cells (ATCC® CRL-1586), which are kidney tubular epithelial cells retrieved from an African green monkey, were cultivated and stained with an antibody against non-structural protein 3 (nsp3; Rockland, 100-401-A52) 4 . For virus isolation, kidney tissues were homogenized as described 5 and 250µl of the homogenized tissue solution were used for infection. Virus growth was confirmed by RT-PCR of cell culture supernatants 2 .No funding source had a role in data collection, analysis, interpretation, writing of the manuscript or the decision to submit.




As we begin to recover from the COVID-19 pandemic, a key question is if we can avert such disasters in future. Current surveillance protocols generally focus on qualitative impact assessments of viral diversity 1 . These efforts are primarliy aimed at ecosystem and human impact monitoring, and do not help to precisely quantify emergence. Currently, the similarity of biological strains is measured by the edit distance or the number of mutations that separate their genomic sequences 2-6 , e:g: the number of mutations that make an avian flu strain human-adapted. However, ignoring the odds of those mutations in the wild keeps us blind to the true jump risk, and gives us little indication of which strains are more risky. In this study, we develop a more meaningful metric for comparison of genomic sequences. Our metric, the q-distance, precisely quantifies the probability of spontaneous jump by random chance. Learning from patterns of mutations from large sequence databases, the q-distance adapts to the specific organism, the background population, and realistic selection pressures; demonstrably improving inference of ancestral relationships and future trajectories. As important application, we show that the q-distance predicts future strains for seasonal Influenza, outperforming World Health Organization (WHO) recommended flu-shot composition almost consistently over two decades. Such performance is demonstrated separately for Northern and Southern hemisphere for different subtypes, and key capsidic proteins. Additionally, we investigate the SARS-CoV-2 origin problem, and precisely quantify the likelihood of different animal species that hosted an immediate progenitor, producing a list of related species of bats that have a quantifiably high likelihood of being the source. Additionally, we identify specific rodents with a credible likelihood of hosting a SARS-CoV-2 ancestor. Combining machine learning and large deviation theory, the analysis reported here may open the door to actionable predictions of future pandemics.





Upon the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, countries worldwide face a critical shortage of human resources in the health sector. Medical students are a potential task force with the capability to support the stretched health sector. This study aims to evaluate their training need for epidemic control in order to employ them effectively. A cross-sectional study was conducted using a web-based survey from December 2019 to February 2020. There were 5,786 observations collected using the snowball sampling technique. Logistic regression was applied to identify factors associated with training participation in epidemic prevention and disaster prevention. Multiple Poisson regression model was constructed to examine factors associated with the number of times they participated in sanitation training and disaster prevention activities in the previous 12 months. Sanitation and health education communication activities had the highest proportion of participants, with 76.5 and 38.4%, followed by examining and treating diseases in the community (13.4%). Those who participated in community activities had a higher number of times to participate in epidemic sanitation training and be involved in disaster prevention. This study informed the need for training programs to prepare medical students for COVID-19 epidemic responses. The training curriculum should include both theoretical approaches and contextual approaches to achieve efficient epidemic control.






Infl ammation of the lower airways is a central feature of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Infl ammatory responses are associated with an increased expression of a cascade of proteins including cytokines, chemokines, growth factors, enzymes, adhesion molecules and receptors. In most cases the increased expression of these proteins is the result of enhanced gene transcription: many of these genes are not expressed in normal cells under resting conditions but they are induced in the infl ammatory process in a cell-specifi c manner. Transcription factors regulate the expression of many pro-infl ammatory genes and play a key role in the pathogenesis of airway infl ammation.Many studies have suggested a role for viral infections as a causative agent of COPD exacerbations. In this review we will focus our attention on the relationship between common respiratory viral infections and the molecular and infl ammatory mechanisms that lead to COPD exacerbation.






A conserved nucleic acid fragment of the nucleocapsid gene of Swine Transmissible Gastroenteritis Coronavirus (TGEV) was chosen as the target, six special primers were designed successfully. Loop-mediated isothermal amplification (LAMP) was developed to detect the TGEV by incubation at 60°C for 1 h and the product specificity was confirmed by HphI digestion. Standard curves with high accuracy for TGEV quantization was constructed by adding 1 × SYBR greenI in the LAMP reaction. The assay established in this study was found to detect only the TGEV and no cross-reaction with other viruses, demonstrating its high specificity. By using serial sample dilutions as templates, the detection limit of LAMP was about 10 pg RNA, 10 times more sensitive than that of PCR and could be comparable to the nest-PCR.




Severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) is responsible for an unprecedented worldwide pandemic that has severely impacted the United States. As the pandemic continues, a growing body of evidence suggests that infected patients may develop significant coagulopathy with resultant thromboembolic complications including deep vein thrombosis, pulmonary embolism, myocardial infarction, and ischemic stroke. However, this data is limited and comes from recent small case series and observational studies on stroke types, 13. Klok et al. Retrospective, observational study 184 5 AIS 14. Abdulkadir et al. Case series 4 4 AIS




The Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus (MERS-CoV) emerged in 2012 and caused continual outbreaks worldwide with high mortality. However, no effective anti-MERS-CoV drug is currently available. Recently, numerous evolutionary studies have suggested that MERS-CoV originated from bat coronavirus (BatCoV). We herein reported that three peptides derived from the HR2 region in spike protein of BatCoV HKU4, including HKU4-HR2P1, HKU4-HR2P2 and HKU4-HR2P3, could bind the MERS-CoV HR1-derived peptide to form a six-helix bundle (6-HB) with high stability. Moreover, these peptides, particularly HKU4-HR2P2 and HKU4-HR2P3, exhibited potent inhibitory activity against MERS-CoV S-mediated cell-cell fusion and viral infection, suggesting that these HKU4 HR2-derived peptides could be candidates for futher development as antiviral agents against MERS-CoV infection.Viruses 2019, 11, 56 2 of 12 displays its spike protein (S), a type I transmembrane glycoprotein, on its enveloped membrane surface in a trimer state. S protein contains two subunits: S1 subunit (S1) and S2 subunit (S2). S1 recognizes and binds the cellular receptor, while S2 mediates viral and cellular membrane fusion. The interaction between the receptor-binding domain (RBD) in S1 and the receptor (DPP4) on the host cell surface induces S2 structural changes, including the insertion of N-terminal fusion peptide into the host cell membrane, the formation of a homotrimer by heptad repeat 1 (HR1) helices, exposing three hydrophobic grooves on the surface, and the binding of three heptad repeat 2 (HR2) molecules to the hydrophobic grooves of HR1 trimer to form a six-helix bundle (6-HB), which brings the viral and cell membranes close together for fusion. Finally, MERS-CoV releases its genetic materials into target cells ( Figure 1B) [11, 12] . Disrupting the process of MERS-6HB formation can inhibit virus-cell membrane fusion and abolish viral infection [13, 14] . Our previous studies found that a peptide, MERS-HR2P, derived from the MERS-CoV HR2 region, could prevent the formation of the fusion core by competitively binding to HR1 and blocking the native interaction between HR1 and HR2 ( Figure 1B) . MERS-HR2P has no effect on SARS-CoV infection, and SARS-CoV HR2-derived peptide, CP-1, failed to inhibit MERS-CoV infection [14, 15] , suggesting that MERS-HR2P is specific for inibiting MERS-CoV infection. Whether other novel and potent peptide fusion inhibitors can be developed against MERS-CoV from other coronavirus HR2 regions is still unclear.Although camels are the intermediate host for the transmission of MERS-CoV, bats are likely to be its original source and serve as the natural host [10, [16] [17] [18] . Phylogenetically, MERS-CoV is very closely related to Tylonycteris sp. Bat CoV HKU4 (Ty-BatCoV HKU4) ( Figure 1A ). Similar to MERS-CoV, HKU4 also harbors the ability to use human DPP4 as the receptor for infecting the target cell [19, 20] . We herein identified that HKU4-HR2P1, HKU4-HR2P2 and HKU4-HR2P3 peptides, derived from the HKU4 HR2 region, could bind MERS-HR1P, a MERS-CoV HR1-derived peptide, and mimic the interaction of MERS-CoV HR1 and HR2 regions to form stable 6-HB. Moreover, these peptides exhibited significant inhibitory activity in both MERS-CoV S-mediated cell-cell fusion assay and pseudovirus infection assay, with even more potency than that of the reported peptide, MERS-HR2P. Taken together, these HKU4 HR2-derived peptides could be considered as candidates for the development of anti-MERS-CoV agents for clinical use.




S. Ren). 1 These authors contributed equally to this work. 2 Abbreviations used: UCH, ubiquitin carboxyl terminal hydrolase; AOX1, alcohol oxidase1; IPTG, isopropyl-b-D-thiogalactoside; IMAC, immobilized metal ion affinity chromatography; SDS-PAGE, sodium dodecyl sulfate-polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis; DmUCH, ubiquitin carboxyl-terminal hydrolase from D. melanogaster.






A new mutant human papillomavirus type 16 E7 gene, termed HPV16 HBE7, was isolated from cervical carcinoma biopsy samples from patients in an area with high incidence of cervical cancer (Hubei province, China). A previous study showed that the HPV16 HBE7 protein was primarily cytoplasmic while wild-type HPV16 E7 protein, termed HPV16 WE7, was concentrated in the nucleus. With the aim of studying the biological functions of HPV16 HBE7, the transforming potential of HPV16 HBE7 in NIH/3T3 cells was detected through observation of cell morphology, cell proliferation assay and anchorage-independent growth assay. The effect of HPV16 HBE7 on cell cycle was examined by flow cytometry. Dual-luciferase reporter assay and RT-PCR were used to investigate the influence of HPV16 HBE7 protein on the expression of regulation factors associated with G1/S checkpoint. The results showed that HPV16 HBE7 protein, as well as HPV16 WE7 protein, held transformation activity. NIH/3T3 cells expressing HPV16 HBE7 could easily transition from G1 phase into S phase and expressed high level of cyclin A and cdc25A. These results indicated HPV16 mutant E7 protein, located in the cytoplasm, induces oncogenic transformation of NIH/3T3 cells via up-regulation of cyclin A and cdc25A.




The earliest evidence from China suggested that COVID-19 patients are even more vulnerable to succumbing from complications in the presence of a multimorbid status, including metabolic syndrome. Due to ongoing metabolic abnormalities, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) appears to be a potential risk factor for contracting SARS-CoV-2 infection and developing related complications. This is because of the interplay of chronically active inflammatory pathways in NAFLD-and COVID-19associated acute cytokine storm. The risk of severe disease could also be attributed to compromised liver function as a result of NAFLD. We systematically reviewed current literature to ascertain the relationship between NAFLD and severe COVID-19, independent of obesity, which is considered the major factor risk factor for both NAFLD and COVID-19. We found that NAFLD is a predictor of severe COVID-19, even after adjusting for the presence of obesity (OR 2.358; 95% CI: 1.902-2.923, p < 0.001).




publicly funded repositories, such as the WHO COVID database with rights for unrestricted research re-use and analyses in any form or by any means with acknowledgement of the original source. These permissions are granted for free by Elsevier for as long as the COVID-19 resource centre remains active. R a d i o l o g y C a s e R e p o r t s 1 5 ( 2 0 2 0 ) 2 3 7 8 -2 3 8 1





Background: COVID-19 has spread all around the world. Italy is one of the worst affected countries in Europe. Although there is a trend of relief, the epidemic situation hasn't stabilized yet. This study aims to investigate the dynamics of the disease spread in Italy and provide some suggestions on containing the epidemic. Methods: We compared Italy's status at the outbreak stage and control measures with Guangdong Province in China by data observation and analysis. A modified autonomous SEIR model was used to study the COVID-19 epidemic and transmission potential during the early stage of the outbreak in Italy. We also utilized a time-dependent dynamic model to study the future disease dynamics in Italy. The impact of various non-pharmaceutical control measures on epidemic was investigated through uncertainty and sensitivity analyses. Results: The comparison of specific measures implemented in the two places and the time when the measures were initiated shows that the initial prevention and control actions in Italy were not sufficiently timely and effective. We estimated parameter values based on available cumulative data and calculated the basic reproduction number to be 4.32 before the national lockdown in Italy. Based on the estimated parameter values, we performed numerical simulations to predict the epidemic trend and evaluate the impact of contact limitation, detection and diagnosis, and individual behavior change due to media coverage on the epidemic. Conclusions: Italy was in a severe epidemic status and the control measures were not sufficiently timely and effective in the beginning. Non-pharmaceutical interventions, including contact restrictions and improvement of case recognition, play an important role in containing the COVID-19 epidemic. The effect of individual behavior changes due to media update of the outbreak cannot be ignored. For policy-makers, early and strict blockade measures, fast detection and improving media publicity are key to containing the epidemic.




Dielectric barrier discharge (DBD) is a promising method of producing non-thermal plasma, which is widely used in variety of industrial and biological applications including disinfection/sterilization. Plasma sterilization offers a faster, less toxic and versatile alternative to conventional sterilization techniques. 45 kV, 50 kHz high voltage high-frequency power supply was designed for generating DBD plasma. Experimental studies were conducted using DBD plasma on growth control in algae, breakdown of complex phenols for chemical wastewater treatment and generation of UV, ozone and other reactive species using DBD plasma discharges in ambient air. A portable DBD plasma-based sterilization system is developed for fighting the Covid-19 pandemic. Quartz tube is used as a dielectric medium between copper foil-SS electrodes and 17 kV, 30 kHz pulse is applied across it, which produces intense DBD across SS mesh. This system can sterilize and disinfect the microorganism contaminated surfaces, garments and used disposable protective gears with UV, ozone and short-lived molecules of metastable states and excited chemical species of nitrogen and oxygen produced during the DBD plasma discharges in ambient air.




ing young adults. We report a case of a 17-year old male presenting to the emergency department in the midst of a pandemic with symptoms of coronavirus disease 2019. He had fever, dyspnea, chest pain, and myalgias, with bilateral infiltrates on chest radiograph, and developed septic shock secondary to infectious thromboembolic events. However, his blood cultures grew group G streptococcus secondary to his oropharyngeal infection, and he experienced an infectious thrombus in the internal jugular vein, consistent with the rare but well-described Lemierre's syndrome. This case report calls attention to the importance of maintaining differential diagnoses and thereby minimizing the biases and assumptions that come with clinical care during a pandemic.




Background: The COVID-19 pandemic has presented one of the biggest challenges to healthcare providers worldwide. The appropriate use of Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) has been essential to ensuring staff and patient safety. To counteract sub-optimal PPE practice, a PPE helper programme was developed at a large London hospital group. Based on a behaviour change model of Capability, Opportunity and Motivation (COM-B), the programme provided PPE support, advice and education to ward staff. Aim: Evaluation of the PPE Helper Programme. Methods: Clinical and non-clinical ward staff completed a questionnaire informed by the Theoretical Domains Framework and COM-B. The questionnaire was available in paper and electronic versions. Quantitative responses were analysed using descriptive and nonparametric statistics, free-text responses were analysed thematically. Findings: Over a six-week period, PPE helpers made 268 ward visits. Overall, 261 questionnaires were available for analysis. Across the Trust, 68% of respondents reported having had contact with a PPE helper. Staff who had encountered a PPE helper responded significantly more positively to a range of statements about using PPE than those who had not. Black and Minority Ethnic (BAME) staff were significantly more anxious in relation to the adequacy of PPE. Non-clinical and redeployed staff (e.g. domestic staff) were most positive about the impact of PPE helpers. Free-text comments showed that staff found the programme supportive and would have liked it earlier in the pandemic.A PPE Helper programme is a feasible and beneficial intervention for providing support, advice and education to ward staff during infectious disease outbreaks.






One of the negative components of international travel is the higher likelihood of emergencies that affect a large number of people (mass negative impact on health), for example the transmission of infectious diseases, as e.g. SARS CoV-2 pandemic. The frequency and sources of mass-casualty incidents are currently changing dynamically, especially with the onset of terrorist attacks and large-scale natural disasters. Health services and emergency medical service (EMS) take part in addressing these emergencies. For this reason, this paper deals with the EMS emergency preparedness in the Czech Republic for an emergency events with a large number of affected people. EMS in the Czech Republic are not provided by the state but by individual regions. EMS in the Czech Republic do not have central management, nor do they use uniform data documentation. The investigation of the current situation has shown that the attitudes of EMS in individual regions of the Czech Republic to the tasks of emergency preparedness for mass casualty incidents are not identical. The current method of evaluating improvements in the quality of EMS emergency preparedness lacks consistency and is not comprehensively supervised. To tackle this, the paper presents an internal audit methodology for assessing the level of emergency preparedness of the emergency medical services. The authors therefore defined the decisive criteria and indicators assessing the quality level of EMS emergency preparedness at major disaster with multiple victim incident. When developing the methodological procedure of the preparedness evaluation, an algorithm was chosen, based on the gradual verification of the evaluation criteria and indicators by an expert group. Some findings and recommendations based on a research carried out in EMS in individual regions of the Czech Republic are presented.





NATURE REVIEWS | DRUG DISCOVERY VOLUME 16 | MAY 2017 | 351 © 2 0 1 7 M a c m i l l a n P u b l i s h e r s L i m i t e d , p a r t o f S p r i n g e r N a t u r e . A l l r i g h t s r e s e r v e d . 2 0 1 7 M a c m i l l a n P u b l i s h e r s L i m i t e d , p a r t o f S p r i n g e r N a t u r e . A l l r i g h t s r e s e r v e d .




-/mice and is transmitted by Aedes aegypti mosquitoes, Virology (2020), doi: https:// Abstract 1 Spondweni virus (SPONV) is the most closely related known flavivirus to Zika virus (ZIKV). Its 2 pathogenic potential and vector specificity have not been well defined. SPONV has been 3 found predominantly in Africa, but was recently detected in a pool of Culex quinquefasciatus 4 mosquitoes in Haiti. Here we show that SPONV can cause significant fetal harm, including 5 demise, comparable to ZIKV, in a mouse model of vertical transmission. Following maternal 6 inoculation, we detected infectious SPONV in placentas and fetuses, along with significant 7 fetal and placental histopathology, together suggesting vertical transmission. To test vector 8 competence, we exposed Aedes aegypti and Culex quinquefasciatus mosquitoes to SPONV-9 infected bloodmeals. Aedes aegypti could efficiently transmit SPONV, whereas Culex 10 quinquefasciatus could not. Our results suggest that SPONV has the same features that 11 made ZIKV a public health risk. 12




Provide a structured summary including, as applicable: background; objectives; data sources; study eligibility criteria, participants, and interventions; study appraisal and synthesis methods; results; limitations; conclusions and implications of key findings; systematic review registration number.







Purpose: Meningitis is among the most common infections affecting the central nervous system. It can be difficult to determine the exact pathogen responsible for the infection and patients are often treated with empiric antibiotics. This study was conducted to identify the most common clinical characteristics of enteroviral meningitis in children and evaluate the diagnostic efficacy of reverse transcriptasepolymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) for early detection of an enterovirus. Methods: We analyzed the medical records of children admitted to Korea University Medical Center and diagnosed with meningitis on the basis of cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) analysis and RT-PCR from CSF and other samples from January 2010 to August 2013. Results: A total of 333 patients were enrolled and classified into four groups based on diagnosis: enteroviral meningitis (n=110), bacterial meningitis (n=23), other viral meningitis (n=36), and unknown etiology (n=164). Patients with bacterial meningitis were younger than those in the other groups (P<0.001). Pleocytosis in CSF was similar across all groups. Of patients in the enteroviral meningitis group, 92.7% were diagnosed based on RT-PCR findings. Mean length of hospital stay for patients with enteroviral meningitis was 6.08 days, which was significantly shorter than that for patients with meningitis of bacterial etiology (19.73 days, P<0.001). Conclusion: Diagnosis of enteroviral meningitis before viral culture results are available is possible using RT-PCR. Accurate diagnosis reduces the length of hospital stay and helps to avoid unnecessary empiric antibiotic treatment.





As the world is becoming more dependent on the internet for information exchange, some overzealous journalists, hackers, bloggers, individuals and organizations tend to abuse the gift of free information environment by polluting it with fake news, disinformation and pretentious content for their own agenda. Hence, there is the need to address the issue of fake news and disinformation with utmost seriousness. This paper proposes a methodology for fake news detection and reporting through a constraint mechanism that utilizes the combined weighted accuracies of seven machine learning algorithms.




Background. The stability of the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) on human skin remains unknown, considering the hazards of viral exposure to humans. We generated a model that allows the safe reproduction of clinical studies on the application of pathogens to human skin and elucidated the stability of SARS-CoV-2 on human skin.Methods. We evaluated the stability of SARS-CoV-2 and influenza A virus (IAV), mixed with culture medium or upper respiratory mucus, on human skin surfaces and the dermal disinfection effectiveness of 80% (weight/weight) ethanol against SARS-CoV-2 and IAV.Results. SARS-CoV-2 and IAV were inactivated more rapidly on skin surfaces than on other surfaces (stainless steel/glass/ plastic); the survival time was significantly longer for SARS-CoV-2 than for IAV (9.04 hours [95% confidence interval, 7.96-10.2 hours] vs 1.82 hours [1.65-2.00 hours]). IAV on other surfaces was inactivated faster in mucus versus medium conditions, while SARS-CoV-2 showed similar stability in the mucus and medium; the survival time was significantly longer for SARS-CoV-2 than for IAV (11.09 hours [10.22-12.00 hours] vs 1.69 hours [1.57-1.81 hours]). Moreover, both SARS-CoV-2 and IAV in the mucus/ medium on human skin were completely inactivated within 15 seconds by ethanol treatment.Conclusions. The 9-hour survival of SARS-CoV-2 on human skin may increase the risk of contact transmission in comparison with IAV, thus accelerating the pandemic. Proper hand hygiene is important to prevent the spread of SARS-CoV-2 infections.




Whole-exome sequencing (WES) was performed at the Broad Institute (Boston, MA). Demographic characteristics, as well as exome capture methods, sequencing, variant annotation, and data processing of the samples were described previously [1] .Using WES data, we searched the ACE2 and TMPRSS2 genes for loss-of-function variants (nonsense, frameshift, splicing, or disrupting missense mutations). Missense variants were considered damaging if they were predicted to be deleterious or possibly deleterious by all the 5 prediction algorithms used: LRT (likelihood ratio test) [2], MutationTaster [3], PolyPhen-2 HumDiv, PolyPhen-2 HumVar [4], and SIFT [5] .




In 1995, in agreement with the German Federal Ministry of Health, the Robert Koch Institute established a public health microbiology system consisting of national reference centers (NRCs) and consultant laboratories (CLs). The goal was to improve the efficiency of infection protection by advising the authorities on possible measures and to supplement infectious disease surveillance by monitoring selected pathogens that have high public health relevance. Currently, there are 19 NRCs and 40 CLs, each appointed for three years. In 2009, an additional system of national networks of NRCs and CLs was set up in order to enhance effectiveness and cooperation within the national reference laboratory system. The aim of these networks was to advance exchange in diagnostic methods and prevention concepts among reference laboratories and to develop geographic coverage of services. In the last two decades, the German public health laboratory reference system coped with all major infectious disease challenges. The European Union and the European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control (ECDC) are considering implementing a European public health microbiology reference laboratory system. The German reference laboratory system should be well prepared to participate actively in this upcoming endeavor.




Rift Valley fever virus (RVFV) is a zoonotic mosquito-borne virus that was first discovered in Kenya in 1930 and has since spread to become endemic in much of Africa and the Arabian Peninsula. Rift Valley fever (RVF) causes recurrent outbreaks of febrile illness associated with high levels of mortality and poor outcomes during pregnancy-including foetal malformations, spontaneous abortion and stillbirths-in livestock, and associated with miscarriage in humans. No vaccines are available for human use and those licensed for veterinary use have potential drawbacks, including residual virulence that may contraindicate their use in pregnancy. To address this gap, we previously developed a simian adenovirus vectored vaccine, ChAdOx1 RVF, that encodes RVFV envelope glycoproteins. ChAdOx1 RVF is fully protective against RVF in non-pregnant livestock and is also under development for human use. Here, we now demonstrate that when administered to pregnant sheep and goats, ChAdOx1 RVF is safe, elicits high titre RVFV neutralizing antibody, and provides protection against viraemia and foetal loss, although this protection is not as robust for the goats. In addition, we provide a description of RVFV challenge in pregnant goats and contrast this to the pathology observed in pregnant sheep. Together, our data further support the ongoing development of ChAdOx1 RVF vaccine for use in livestock and humans.npj Vaccines (2019) 4:44; https://doi.




The Cadi ThermoSENSOR skin-contact thermometer measures body temperature continuously and transmits readings wirelessly to a central server. This study evaluated the ThermoSENSOR against ear temperatures (ETs) measured by a Braun ThermoScan ear thermometer and axillary temperatures (ATs) measured by a Terumo digital clinical thermometer. The test participants consisted of 109 children aged 6 months to 16 years from a pediatric ward. The sensor was attached to the lower abdomen at least 15 minutes before the first measurement. ET, AT, and ThermoSENSOR temperatures (TTs) were recorded up to three times at the usual measurement times. The TTs differed from ETs by −0.23°C ± 0.47°C (mean ± standard deviation, n = 271) and from ATs by +0.21°C ± 0.46°C (n = 270). The ETs differed from ATs by +0.43°C ± 0.42°C (n = 315). These results suggest that the TTs were comparable to the ETs and ATs.




Serious accidents at nuclear power plants have been rare, but their stories can teach us how to prevent or mitigate the effects of future nuclear catastrophes. The accidents at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant and Chernobyl nuclear power plant occurred 9 years and 34 years ago, respectively, and there are still lessons to learn from them regarding numerous issues, including radiation exposure assessment and medical follow-up of emergency responders, evacuees and residents; decisions to lift evacuation orders; and communication with responders and stakeholders (Bazyka et al., 2016; Callen and Homma, 2017; Lester, 1983; Soffer et al., 2008) . Some of the lessons from these accidents have been extensively reviewed and taken into consideration by national and international organizations such as the International Atomic Energy Agency, the International Commission on Radiological Protection and the World Health Organisation and are reflected in published literature (Bennett et al., 2006; Carr et al., 2016; Clarke et al., 2009; IAEA, 2015a IAEA, , 2015b Nisbet et al., 2009; SGDSN, 2014). This has allowed the development of various recommendations and guidance documents targeting specific issues of radiation protection, training and communication, and socio-economic aspects, in order to prepare and improve decision making processes in the early and intermediate phases (e.g. Carr et al., 2016; IAEA, 2015b; Nisbet et al., 2009) .However, the majority of these texts focus on technical issues and are directed towards radiation protection experts, rather than for the support of affected populations. The traditional approaches of emergency response and recovery -including evacuation, relocation and health surveillance -are largely based on dose levels. Although many recognise the importance of psychosocial or human factors, it has been difficult to adapt the approaches to better address the social, economic, ethical and psychological factors. These include the health and welfare effects that may arise from the accident, from the concerns about the presence of radiation in the environment, from the mitigation actions taken and from the information (mixed or absent) provided to the population. Changes in the ethical and legal requirements for personal data collection, use and storage raise additional challenges, particularly in the area of health surveillance and epidemiology.







Viruses are considered to be the most abundant biological particles and have the capability to infect all forms of life leading to a variety of diseases. American workers in specific occupational environments are threatened by viral exposures, highlighting the importance to recognize the type and risk of exposure, as well as the preventive measures that can be taken to reduce the risk of exposure. For example, healthcare workers can potentially be exposed to air and bloodborne pathogens, such as hepatitis and the human immunodeficiency virus. These types of exposures have led to the development of preventive equipment and regulations intended to reduce viral exposures in occupational settings. This chapter will discuss the characteristics of viruses and the occupationally relevant viruses of which people in varying occupations can potentially encounter. Regulatory guidelines and protective strategies will also be reviewed.




To confirm an infection with the new coronavirus (SARS-CoV) causing the severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) diagnostic assays for detection of SARS-CoV specific antibody are necessary. To evaluate the diagnostic performance of laboratories an external quality assurance (EQA) study was performed in 2004. Participating laboratories (9/20) correctly detected anti-SARS antibodies in serum samples without false positive results in an immunofluorescence assay. In contrast, only 4/13 laboratories detected most of the anti-SARS antibody positive samples without false positive results using enzyme immunoassays (EIA) and/or immunoblot. The overall results clearly demonstrate that serological diagnosis of SARS-CoV remains at an early stage of development, with further technical improvements required, particularly with respect to the use of SARS specific EIAs.




Decision making processes are often based on (pairwise) preference relations. An important property of preference relations is transitivity. Many types of transitivity have been proposed in the literature, such as max-min and max-max transitivity, restricted max-min and max-max transitivity, additive and multiplicative transitivity, or Lukasiewicz transitivity. This paper focuses on weak transitivity. Weak transitivity has been defined for additive preference relations. We extend this definition to multiplicative preference relations and further introduce a generalized version called generalized weak transitivity. We show that for reciprocal additive and multiplicative preference relations weak transitivity is equivalent to generalized weak transitivity, and we also illustrate generalized weak transitivity for preference relations that are neither additive nor multiplicative. Finally, we show how a total order (ranking of the options) can be constructed for any generalized weak transitive preference relation.






ABSTRCT 29 Given the scale and rapid spread of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 30 (SARS-CoV-2, known as 2019-nCov) infection , the ongoing global 31 SARS-CoV-2 outbreak has become a huge public health issue. Rapid and precise 32 diagnostic methods are thus immediately needed for diagnosing COVID-19, 33 providing timely treatment and facilitating infection control. A one-step reverse 34 transcription loop-mediated isothermal amplification (RT-LAMP) coupled with 35 nanoparticles-based biosensor (NBS) assay (RT-LAMP-NBS) was successfully 36 established for rapidly and accurately diagnosing COVID-19. A simple equipment 37 (such as heating block) was required for maintaining a constant temperature (63°C) 38 for only 40 min. Using two designed LAMP primer sets, F1ab (opening reading frame 39 1a/b) and np (nucleoprotein) genes of SARS-CoV-2 were simultaneously amplified 40 and detected in a 'one-step' and 'single-tube' reaction, and the detection results were 41 easily interpreted by NBS. The sensitivity of SARS-CoV-2 RT-LAMP-NBS was 12 42 copies (each of detection target) per reaction, and no cross-reactivity was generated 43 from non-SARS-CoV-2 templates. Among clinically diagnosed COVID-19 patients, 44 the analytical sensitivity of SARS-CoV-2 was 100% (33/33) in the oropharynx swab 45 samples, and the assay's specificity was also 100% (96/96) when analyzed the clinical 46 samples collected from non-COVID-19 patients. The total diagnosis test from sample 47




This study assessed user response of an electronic system designed to self-report symptoms.• Electronic postoperative symptom-tracking is feasible for patients undergoing ambulatory gynecologic cancer surgery.• Symptom burden is high in the early postoperative period.• Electronic patient-reported symptom-tracking reduces adverse events and urgent care/readmission rates and improves outcomes.Objective. To evaluate the feasibility of an electronic symptom-tracking platform for patients recovering from ambulatory surgery.Method. We assessed user response to an electronic system designed to self-report symptoms. Endpoints included compliance, postoperative symptoms, patient satisfaction. An 8-item symptom inventory (pain, nausea, vomiting, shortness of breath, fever, swelling, discharge, redness) was developed and made available on postoperative days (POD) 2-6. Responses exceeding defined thresholds of severity triggered alerts to healthcare providers. Symptoms, alerts, actions taken, urgent care center (UCC) visits, hospital admissions were tracked until POD 30. Patient satisfaction was evaluated on POD 7. A patient was defined as ""responder"" if at least 5/8 items on at least 3 PODs were completed. The assessment method was deemed successful if 64/100 patients responded.Results. 97/102 patients were evaluable; 65 met ""responder"" criteria (67% responder rate; 95% CI 57-76%). 321 surveys were completed (median 4/patient), 248 (77%) in ≤2 min. Involving caregivers and allowing additional symptom-reporting improved the responder rate to 72% (95% CI 58-84%). Most commonly-reported moderate, severe, very severe symptoms were pain, nausea, swelling; 71% reported moderate to very severe pain on POD 2. Phone calls and adjustment of medications adequately addressed most symptoms. Two patients (2%) presented at UCC before, 6 (6%) after, POD 6; 1 (1%) was admitted. Most agreed or strongly agreed that electronic symptom-tracking was helpful, easy to use, and would recommend it to others.Conclusion. Electronic symptom-tracking is feasible for patients undergoing ambulatory gynecologic cancer surgery. Symptom burden is high in the early postoperative period. Addressing patient-reported symptoms in a timely, automated manner may prevent severe downstream adverse events, reduce UCC visits and admission rates, and improve outcomes.






Animals that hunt and scavenge are often exposed to a broad array of pathogens. Theory predicts the immune systems of animals specialized for scavenging should have been molded by selective pressures associated with surviving microbial assaults from their food. Spotted hyenas (Crocuta crocuta) are capable hunters that have recently descended from carrion feeding ancestors. Hyenas have been documented to survive anthrax and rabies infections, and outbreaks of several other viral diseases that decimated populations of sympatric carnivores. In light of the extreme disease resistance manifested by spotted hyenas, our objective was to identify tools available for studying immune function in spotted hyenas and use these tools to document the hyena antibody response to immunization. Domestic cats (Felis catus) are the closest phylogenetic relatives of hyenas that have been studied in detail immunologically, and we hypothesized that anti-cat isotype-specific antibodies would cross react with hyena immunoglobulin epitopes. We used ELISA and Western blots to test isotype-specific anti-feline antibodies for specific cross-reaction to hyena Ig epitopes. Molecular weights of heavy (IgA, IgG, IgM) and light chains of hyena immunoglobulins were determined by protein electrophoresis, and as expected, they were found to be similar to feline immunoglobulins. In order to further validate the cross-reactivity of the anti-feline antibodies and document the hyena humoral response, eight spotted hyenas were immunized with dinitrophenol conjugated keyhole limpet hemocyanin (DNP-KLH) and serum anti-DNP responses were monitored by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) for one year. The full array of isotype-specific antibodies identified here will allow veterinarians and other researchers to thoroughly investigate the hyena antibody response, and can be used in future studies to test hypotheses about pathogen exposure and immune function in this species.





The first outbreak of influenza A(H3N2) occurred in 1968 and caused the third flu pandemic of the 20 th century. It has affected multiple countries over time. The best strategy to reduce the burden of influenza is through vaccination whose efficacy varies with respect to the circulating strains. This study was performed to better understand the molecular evolution of influenza A(H3N2) and assess vaccine efficacy in Cameroon. Complete sequences of three gene segments were obtained from 2014 to 2016 influenza seasons in Cameroon. Hemagglutinin (HA), Neuraminidase (NA) and matrix (M) genes of 35 A(H3N2) virus strains were amplified and sequenced. Predicted vaccine efficacy was measured using the P epitope model. Phylogenetic analysis of the HA gene showed that all Cameroonian strains had evolved away from the 3C.







Bovine calf scours reported to be caused by multiple aetiologies resulting in heavy mortality in unweaned calves and huge economic loss to the dairy farmers. Among these, cryptosporidiosis is an emerging waterborne zoonoses and one of the important causes of neonatal calf diarrhoea. Poor immune response coupled with primary cryptosporidial infections predispose neonatal calves to multiple secondary infections resulting in their deaths. In the present study, faecal samples from 100 diarrhoeic calves randomly picked up out of 17 outbreaks of bovine calf diarrhoea in periurban Ludhiana, Punjab in Northern India were subjected to conventional (microscopy, modified Zeihl-Neelsen (mZN) staining) and immunological and molecular techniques (faecal antigen capture ELISA and PCR) for detection of primary Cryptosporidium parvum infection as well as other frequently reported concurrent pathogens, viz. rotavirus and coronavirus, Salmonella spp., Escherichia coli, Clostridium perfringens and Eimeria spp. The faecal antigen capture ELISA and PCR revealed 35% prevalence of C. parvum in contrast to 25% by mZN staining with a relatively higher prevalence (66·7%) in younger (8-14-day-old) calves. The detection rate of the other enteropathogens associated with C. parvum was 45·71% for C. perfringens followed by Salmonella spp (40·0%), rotavirus (36·0%), coronavirus (16·0%), E. coli (12·0%) and Eimeria spp (4·0%) The sensitivity for detection of C. parvum by ELISA and mZN staining in comparison to PCR was 97·14% and 72·72%, respectively. An important finding of the study was that C. parvum alone was found in only 10% of the diarrhoeic faecal samples, whereas, majority of the samples (90%) showed mixed infections ranging from a combination of two to five agents. This is the first documentary proof of C. parvum and associated pathogens responsible for severe periurban outbreaks of bovine calf diarrhoea culminating in heavy mortality from Northern India.




Corona virus disease 2019 was caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus-2 (SARS-CoV-2). The phenomenon of positive real time reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) result of SARS-CoV-2 in recovered patients had occurred and the research about these patients was rare. In our study, we did a retrospective review of medical records from COVID-19 patients admitted to one ward there were 108 patients of COVID-19 admitted in the one ward of Tongji Hospital.Among them, eight cases were readmission patients because the RT-PCR result of SARS-CoV-2 was positive again after discharge. On the second admission, they had no symptoms and their chest computed tomography was almost normal. Data from laboratory tests of the readmission patients showed that all eight patients had normal white blood cell count, lymphocyte count. The inflammatory factors like procalcitonin and interleukin 6 were normal. After treatment, two patients met the standard and were discharged. The other six patients were still in the hospital because their RT-PCR of SARS-CoV-2 did not get three consecutive negative results and the course of two patients had persisted more than 90 days. We still needed to be alert that these patients could infect other people as a source of infection, and we also needed to be alert that these patients become chronic virus carriers. It also aroused our concern about the discharge standard of COVID-19.





Background: Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) has spread globally and been a public health emergency worldwide. It is important to reduce the risk of healthcare associated infections among the healthcare workers and patients.This study aimed to investigate the contamination of environment in isolation wards and sewage, and assess the quality of routine disinfection procedures in our hospital.Methods: Routine disinfection procedures were performed three-times a day in general isolation wards and six-times a day in isolated ICU wards in our hospital. Environmental surface samples and sewage samples were collected for viral RNA detection. SARS-CoV-2 RNA detection were performed with quantitative reverse transcription PCR (qRT-PCR).Results：A total of 163 samples were collected from February 6th to April 4th.Among 122 surface samples, two were positive for SARS-CoV-2 RNA detection. One was collected from the flush button of the toilet bowl, and the other was collected from a hand-basin. Although 10 of the sewage samples were positive for viral RNA detection, all positive samples were negative for viral culture.Conclusion：These results revealed the routine disinfection procedures in our hospital were effective in reducing the potential risk of healthcare associated infection. Two surface samples were positive for viral detection, suggesting that more attention should be paid when disinfecting places easy to be ignored.




The last decade was crucial for our understanding of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system (RAAS) as a two-axis, counterregulatory system, divided into the classical axis, formed by angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE), angiotensin II (Ang II), and the angiotensin type 1 receptor (AT1R), and the alternative axis comprising angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2), angiotensin-(1-7) (Ang-(1-7)), and the Mas receptor. Breakthrough discoveries also took place, with other RAAS endopeptides being described, including alamandine and angiotensin A. In this review, we characterize the two RAAS axes and the role of their components in pediatric kidney diseases, including childhood hypertension (HTN), pediatric glomerular diseases, congenital abnormalities of the kidney and urinary tract (CAKUT), and chronic kidney disease (CKD). We also present recent findings on potential interactions between the novel coronavirus, SARS-CoV-2, and components of the RAAS, as well as potential implications of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) for pediatric kidney diseases.




This paper is devoted to the multidisciplinary modelling of a pandemic initiated by an aggressive virus, specifically the so-called SARS-CoV-2 Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome, corona virus n.2. The study is developed within a multiscale framework accounting for the interaction of different spatial scales, from the small scale of the virus itself and cells, to the large scale of individuals and further up to the collective behaviour of populations. An interdisciplinary vision is developed thanks to the contributions of epidemiologists, immunologists and economists as well as those of mathematical modellers. The first part of the contents is devoted to understanding the complex features of the system and to the design of a modelling rationale. The modelling approach is treated in the second part of the paper by showing both how the virus propagates into infected individuals, successfully and not successfully recovered, and also the spatial patterns, which are subsequently studied by kinetic and lattice models. The third part reports the contribution of research in the fields of virology, epidemiology, immune competition, and economy focused also on social behaviours. Finally, a critical analysis is proposed looking ahead to research perspectives.




Furin, a member of the family of proprotein convertases found in mammalian cells, is a membraneassociated, calcium-dependent serine endoprotease that specifically cleaves the peptide bond after paired basic amino acid residues in substrates such as growth factors, receptors, serum proteins, coagulation factors and extracellular matrix proteins [1] [2] [3] [4] [5] [6] . Ubiquitously expressed at low levels within the trans-Golgi Keywords furin; kexin; molecular design; mung bean trypsin inhibitor; peptide synthesis Correspondence C. Chi,




Patients with pre-existing cardiovascular disease and risk factors are more likely to experience adverse outcomes associated with the novel coronavirus disease-2019 (COVID-19).Additionally, consistent reports of cardiac injury and de novo cardiac complications, including possible myocarditis, arrhythmia, and heart failure in patients without prior cardiovascular disease or significant risk factors, are emerging, possibly due to an accentuated host immune response and cytokine release syndrome. As the spread of the virus increases exponentially, many patients will require medical care either for COVID-19 related or traditional cardiovascular issues. While the COVID-19 pandemic is dominating the attention of the healthcare system, there is an unmet need for a standardized approach to deal with COVID-19 associated and other traditional cardiovascular issues during this period. We provide consensus guidance for the management of various cardiovascular conditions during the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic with the goal of providing the best care to all patients and minimizing the risk of exposure to frontline healthcare workers.




www.nature.com/scientificreports www.nature.com/scientificreports/ model system, because they serve as natural targets for many viral infections in vivo 12 and harbour a high number of mitochondria for analysis 13 .Resultsreaching the systemic circulation and were used as hepatotropic viral vectors to deliver transgenes to hepatocytes. Infection with recombinant hepatotropic adenoviruses coding for molecular markers such as luciferase and GFP lead to liver/hepatocyte-targeted infection, as determined by in vivo bioluminescence measurement of luciferase activity and detection of GFP in around 50% of hepatocytes by liver immunohistochemistry (Fig. 1A ,B and 14 ). Studying mitochondrial morphological characteristics in hepatocytes by ultrastructural analysis with transmission electron microscopy proved difficult, because it would require analysis of serial sections and simultaneous detection of infecting adenovirus, which is impossible as recombinant adenoviruses are replication-deficient and detection of few incoming virus particles per cell is very demanding (Fig. 1C) . We therefore purified mitochondria from homogenized liver tissue by discontinuous percoll density gradient centrifugation, which yielded pure mitochondrial preparations as determined by immunoblot analysis (Fig. 1D and 15 ). Ultrastructural analysis of these purified mitochondria by electron microscopy yielded heterogeneous results with respect to morphology and size (Fig. 1E ) again with the uncertainty of whether mitochondria where derived from infected or non-infected cells. Flow cytometry is a methodology that can be employed to sensitively detect and analyse mitochondria with the advantage of quantitative characterization of large numbers of mitochondria [16] [17] [18] [19] . This prompted us to use flow cytometry to determine directly ex vivo physical parameters of mitochondria at the level of single organelles. Purified mitochondria were reliable detectable by forward scatter and side scatter analysis in flow cytometry (Fig. 1F) . Staining with MitoTracker Green confirmed that isolation from liver tissue by density-gradient centrifugation yielded highly pure mitochondria (Fig. 1F) . We therefore conclude that flow cytometry is a suitable method to analyse mitochondrial properties after viral infection.




Purpose Respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) is a common cause of lower respiratory tract infection in young children. However, there are limited data on severe RSV infection requiring pediatric intensive care unit (PICU) admission. This retrospective study described features of RSV-associated PICU admissions in Hong Kong and investigated factors for mortality and duration of PICU stay. Methods Children with laboratory-confirmed RSV infection and admitted to the PICUs of all eight government hospitals in Hong Kong between January 2009 and June 2011 were identified from computerized auditing systems and PICU databases. RSV in respiratory samples was detected by direct immunofluorescence and/or viral culture. The relationships between mortality and PICU duration and demographic and clinical factors were analyzed. Results A total of 118 (2.4 %) PICU admissions were identified among 4,912 RSV-positive pediatric cases in all hospitals. Sixty-five (55.6 %) patients were infants. PICU admissions were higher between October and March. Eight (6.8 %) patients died, but only two were infants. RSVassociated mortality was related to prior sick contact, presence of older siblings, neurodevelopmental conditions, chromosomal and genetic diseases, and bacterial coinfections, but none was significant following logistic regression analyses (odds ratio 9.36, 95 % confidence interval 0.91-96.03 for prior sick contact, p = 0.060). Chronic lung disease was the only risk factor for the duration of PICU admission (b = 0.218, p = 0.017). Conclusions The majority of RSV-infected children do not require PICU support. There is winter seasonality for RSV-associated PICU admission in Hong Kong. Prior sick contact is the only risk factor for RSV-associated mortality, whereas the presence of chronic lung disease is associated




ACCESSCONSPECTUS: In recent years, a steadily growing number of chemists, from both academia and industry, have dedicated their research to the development of continuous flow processes performed in milli-or microreactors. The common availability of continuous flow equipment at virtually all scales and affordable cost has additionally impacted this trend. Furthermore, regulatory agencies such as the United States Food and Drug Administration actively encourage continuous manufacturing of active pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs) with the vision of quality and productivity improvements. That is why the pharmaceutical industry is progressively implementing continuous flow technologies. As a result of the exceptional characteristics of continuous flow reactors such as small reactor volumes and remarkably fast heat and mass transfer, process conditions which need to be avoided in conventional batch syntheses can be safely employed. Thus, continuous operation is particularly advantageous for reactions at high temperatures/pressures (novel process windows) and for ultrafast, exothermic reactions (flash chemistry).In addition to conditions that are outside of the operation range of conventional stirred tank reactors, reagents possessing a high hazard potential and therefore not amenable to batch processing can be safely utilized (forbidden chemistry). Because of the small reactor volumes, risks in case of a failure are minimized. Such hazardous reagents often are low molecular weight compounds, leading generally to the most atom-, time-, and cost-efficient route toward the desired product. Ideally, they are generated from benign, readily available and cheap precursors within the closed environment of the flow reactor on-site on-demand. By doing so, the transport, storage, and handling of those compounds, which impose a certain safety risk especially on a large scale, are circumvented. This strategy also positively impacts the global supply chain dependency, which can be a severe issue, particularly in times of stricter safety regulations or an epidemic. The concept of the in situ production of a hazardous material is generally referred to as the ""generator"" of the material. Importantly, in an integrated flow process, multiple modules can be assembled consecutively, allowing not only an in-line purification/separation and quenching of the reagent, but also its downstream conversion to a nonhazardous product.For the past decade, research in our group has focused on the continuous generation of hazardous reagents using a range of reactor designs and experimental techniques, particularly toward the synthesis of APIs. In this Account, we therefore introduce chemical generator concepts that have been developed in our laboratories for the production of toxic, explosive, and short-lived reagents. We have defined three different classes of generators depending on the reactivity/stability of the reagents, featuring reagents such as Br 2 , HCN, peracids, diazomethane (CH 2 N 2 ), or hydrazoic acid (HN 3 ). The various reactor designs, including in-line membrane separation techniques and real-time process analytical technologies for the generation, purification, and monitoring of those hazardous reagents, and also their downstream transformations are presented. This Account should serve as food for thought to extend the scope of chemical generators for accomplishing more efficient and more economic processes.




Determination of the risk-benefit ratio associated with the use of novel coronavirus disease 2019 repurposed drugs in older adults with polypharmacy is mandatory. Our objective was to develop and validate a strategy to assess risk for adverse drug events (ADE) associated with COVID-19 repurposed drugs using hydroxychloroquine (HCQ) and chloroquine (CQ), alone or in combination with azithromycin (AZ), and the combination lopinavir/ritonavir (LPV/r). These medications were virtually added, one at a time, to drug regimens of 12,383 participants of the Program of All-Inclusive Care for the Elderly. The MedWise Risk Score (MRS TM ) was determined from 198,323 drug claims. Results demonstrated that the addition of each repurposed drug caused a rightward shift in the frequency distribution of MRS TM values (p < 0.05); the increase was due to an increase in the drug-induced Long QT Syndrome (LQTS) or CYP450 drug interaction burden risk scores. Increases in LQTS risk observed with HCQ + AZ and CQ + AZ were of the same magnitude as those estimated when terfenadine or terfenadine + AZ, used as positive controls for drug-induced LQTS, were added to drug regimens. The simulation-based strategy performed offers a way to assess risk of ADE for drugs to be used in people with underlying medical comorbidities and polypharmacy at risk of COVID-19 infection without exposing them to these drugs.as COVID-19 treatment in severely ill hospitalized patients [7, 8] , while the search continues for a treatment that decreases symptoms or rate of severe complications in the community.In addition to the lack of proven efficacy, the safety to use drugs such as HCQ or CQ has been questioned, and their safety when added to an existing drug regimen, in the context of COVID-19, has not been established yet [9] . In particular, cardiac safety issues including abnormal heart rhythms such as QT prolongation have been associated with HCQ, CQ and azithromycin (AZ) [10] [11] [12] [13] [14] [15] [16] . Serious dysrhythmias in patients with COVID-19 who were treated with HCQ or CQ, often in combination with AZ and other drugs that prolong the QTc interval, have been reported [17] [18] [19] [20] .Tabula Rasa HealthCare (TRHC) has developed a proprietary medication risk score, the MedWise Risk Score (MRS TM ), that uses algorithms to compute risk of adverse drug events (ADE) while considering five medication characteristics [21-23]: (1) computation of a drug regimen relative odds ratio for ADE using the FDA pharmacovigilance database (FDA Adverse Event Reporting System (FAERS)) [24], (2) anticholinergic cognitive burden (ACB) [25], (3) sedative burden (SB) [26-28], (4) drug-induced Long QT Syndrome (LQTS) burden [29, 30] , and (5) CYP450 drug interaction burden risk scores [31] . MRS TM is a predictive tool used by healthcare providers to assess patients' likelihood of an ADE occurring; over 30 million individuals have been risk-stratified using this tool recently to direct pharmacists and health professional interventions for high-risk patients.[32] In addition to its association with the risk of ADE, higher MRS TM is associated with increased medical expenditures, more hospitalization, more emergency visits, and an increased hospital length of stay in patients with comorbidities and polypharmacy [21] .Programs of All-inclusive Care for the Elderly (PACE), organizations funded by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, provide supportive services to community-dwelling adults, age 55 and older, who require a ""nursing home level of care"" [33] . TRHC currently provides pharmacy services to about 100 PACE Centers in the United States, servicing close to 13,000 participants. With several chronic conditions, frail PACE participants clearly represent an at-risk population for COVID-19 infection and complication [34] . Furthermore, PACE participants serviced by TRHC receive on average about 12 different medications per day. Obviously, the addition of any new medication to this polypharmacy condition increases the risk of ADE.The objective of our study was to assess the risk of ADE associated with the addition of the proposed COVID-19 repurposed drugs HCQ and CQ, alone or in combination with azithromycin (AZ), and with the clinically used combination of lopinavir/ritonavir (LPV/r), to the drug regimens of PACE participants. A simulation approach was used to avoid unnecessary exposure to these drugs in patients and to allow a controlled estimation of risk change by the virtual addition of these drugs, one at a time, to their drug regimen. Validation of such an approach could help estimate the risk of ADE for future repurposed drugs to be used in COVID-19 patients.





Microbiome-host interactions play significant roles in health and in various diseases including autoimmune disorders. Uncovering these inter-kingdom cross-talks propels our understanding of disease pathogenesis and provides useful leads on potential therapeutic targets. Despite the biological significance of microbe-host interactions, there is a big gap in understanding the downstream effects of these interactions on host processes. Computational methods are expected to fill this gap by generating, integrating, and prioritizing predictions-as experimental detection remains challenging due to feasibility issues. Here, we present MicrobioLink, a computational pipeline to integrate predicted interactions between microbial and host proteins together with host molecular networks. Using the concept of network diffusion, MicrobioLink can analyse how microbial proteins in a certain context are influencing cellular processes by modulating gene or protein expression. We demonstrated the applicability of the pipeline using a case study. We used gut metaproteomic data from Crohn's disease patients and healthy controls to uncover the mechanisms by which the microbial proteins can modulate host genes which belong to biological processes implicated in disease pathogenesis. MicrobioLink, which is agnostic of the microbial protein sources (bacterial, viral, etc.), is freely available on GitHub.Cells 2020, 9, 1278 2 of 15 known to have negative impacts on the host [7] . Most of the inferences between microbial composition changes and disease phenotypes have been based on associations and correlations, with little explanations of the mechanisms driving the phenotypes.Studying microbiome-host interactions and its influence on host biological mechanisms is important for monitoring health and disease and for discovering/fine-tuning therapeutic interventions. Such interactions are mediated by the interplay between various molecular components expressed by the host and the microbiome. For example, bacterial molecules such as metabolites [8], proteins [9-12], and small RNAs [13] can interact with host molecules and, through host intracellular pathways and regulatory networks, can modulate the expression of genes in various biological processes [14] [15] [16] , thus maintaining healthy states or transition to diseased states. Besides the metabolite-mediated interactions, protein-protein interactions (PPIs) are one of the most relevant types of molecular interplay between microbes and host organisms [12] . Experimental techniques to test interspecies PPIs are time consuming and have limitations imposed by cost [1, [17] [18] [19] [20] [21] . Hence, there is a dearth of validated interspecies PPIs in publicly available databases, and these are mostly limited to pathogens. However, using predicted microbe-host PPIs, it is possible to build interaction networks to better understand the cross-talk between the microbial and host proteins and how these interactions interfere with host metabolism and physiology [22] . Recent studies have also shown how protein-protein interactions between emerging pathogens such as COVID-19 and the host have enabled the discovery of potential drug candidates for clinical testing and validation [23] .Various resources and pipelines which generate or store microbe-host interaction predictions are currently available. They include PHISTO [24], PATRIC [25], Proteopathogen2 [26], VirBase [27], and HPIDB [28]. Most of these resources store PPIs and/or genomic analysis of virulence but are limited to pathogens [22]. Tools such as COBRA [29], RAVEN [30], NetCooperate [31], and Kbase [32] which consider commensal microbes are based on the use of metabolomics data alone [33] . Moreover, most of the existing resources and pipelines are confined to predicting the direct molecular interactions at the microbe-host interface and do not infer the downstream effects on functional processes and host signalling pathways.To fill these gaps in understanding the effect of the microbiome on the host, we introduce MicrobioLink-a computational pipeline to analyse microbiome-host interactions at a cellular level using network and systems biology approaches. Using MicrobioLink, it is possible to identify potential pathways by which microbes can modulate the expression of key host molecules such as genes, proteins, or microRNAs. In order to demonstrate the applicability of MicrobioLink, we performed a case study investigating how the gut microbiome potentially modulates autophagy genes in Crohn's disease (CD). By providing custom-made lists of microbial proteins, host receptor proteins, molecular interaction networks, and the target node sets, users can harness the functionalities of MicrobioLink to understand the mechanisms which mediate the influence of microbial proteins derived from the individual microbes or the microbiome.




Adaptive clinical trials are underway to determine the efficacy of potential therapies for COVID-19, with flexibility to include emerging therapies if there is sufficient preclinical evidence for their potential utility. In silico screening of connectivity maps, which link gene expression profiles to libraries of perturbagens, may facilitate the identification of such emerging therapies. The L1000 Connectivity Map is built from samples of transcripts taken from gene expression profiles of cells in various experimental conditions followed by computational inferences of the remainder of the transcriptome. Searching the L1000 Connectivity Map for modulators of a protease that facilitates coronavirus infection identifies plausible candidate drugs for repurposing as antiviral agents against SARS-CoV-2 following further investigation.3L1000 Connectivity Map interrogation identifies candidate drugs for repurposing as SARS-CoV-2 antiviral therapies





Background: Pandemic influenza A (H1N1) virus emerged in North America in April 2009 and spread globally. We describe the epidemiology and public health response to the first known outbreak of 2009 H1N1 in a train, which occurred in June 2009 in China. Methods: After 2 provinces provided initial reports of 2009 H1N1 infection in 2 persons who had travelled on the same train, we conducted a retrospective epidemiologic investigation to collect information from the passengers, crew members, contacts, and health care providers. We explored the source of infection and possible routes of transmission in the train. All cases were confirmed by real-time reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction testing. Results: Train #1223 traveled 40 hours, made 28 stops in 4 Chinese provinces, and boarded 2555 passengers, who logged a total of 59 144 person-hours of travel time. Nineteen confirmed 2009 H1N1 cases were identified. Of these, 13 were infected and developed symptoms on the train and 6 occurred among contacts who developed illness during medical monitoring. In addition, 3 asymptomatic cases were identified based on RT-PCR testing of respiratory swabs from contacts. The attack rate among contacts of confirmed cases in the same car was higher than that among contacts in other cars (3.15% vs. 0%, P < 0.001). Attack rates increased with exposure time. Conclusions: Close contact and long exposure may have contributed to the transmission of 2009 H1N1 virus in the train. Trains may have played an important role in the 2009 influenza pandemic.




Background: Previous outbreaks of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 1 (SARS-CoV-1) and Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus (MERS-CoV) have been associated with unfavourable pregnancy outcomes. SARS-CoV-2 belongs to the human coronavirus family, and since this infection shows a pandemic trend it will involve many pregnant women. Aims: This systematic review and meta-analysis aimed to assess the impact of coronavirus disease 19 (COVID-19) on maternal and neonatal outcomes. Sources: PubMed, EMBASE, MedRxiv, Scholar, Scopus, and Web of Science databases were searched up to 8th May 2020. Articles focusing on pregnancy and perinatal outcomes of COVID-19 were eligible. Participants were pregnant women with COVID-19. Content: The meta-analysis was conducted following the PRISMA and MOOSE reporting guidelines. Bias risk was assessed using the Joanna Briggs Institute (JBI) manual. The protocol was registered with PROSPERO (CRD42042020184752). Twenty-four articles, including 1100 pregnancies, were selected. The pooled prevalence of pneumonia was 89% (95%CI 70e100), while the prevalence of women admitted to the intensive care unit was 8% (95%CI 1e20). Three stillbirths and five maternal deaths were reported. A pooled prevalence of 85% (95%CI 72e94) was observed for caesarean deliveries. There were three neonatal deaths. The prevalence of COVID-19-related admission to the neonatal intensive care unit was 2% (95%CI 0e6). Nineteen out of 444 neonates had a positive nasopharyngeal swab; one out of five neonates had elevated concentrations of serum IgM and IgG, but a negative swab. Implications: Although adverse outcomes such as ICU admission or patient death can occur, the clinical course of COVID-19 in most women is not severe, and the infection does not significantly influence the pregnancy. A high caesarean delivery rate is reported, but there is no clinical evidence supporting this mode of delivery. Indeed, in most cases the disease does not threaten the mother, and vertical transmission has not been clearly demonstrated. Therefore, COVID-19 should not be considered as an indication for elective caesarean section. Francesca Di Toro, Clin Microbiol Infect 2020;▪:1





This paper focuses on the articulated intentions andregistered projects of emerging developmental government in Uzbekistanvis-a-vis Russia, China, South Korea and Japan in the areas of Energy andTransport Infrastructure Development. By thematically analyzing the cooperationroadmaps for 2017-2019, this paper offers insights into how Uzbekistaninternalizes energy and infrastructure-related projects with these countries inits re-opening to the international community in post-Karimov era. This paperclaims that Uzbekistan looks beyond the connectivity rhetoric in its foreignpartners' interest in energy and transportation and seeks to capitalize on therelated projects to position itself as an industrial and transportation hub forother CA countries and Afghanistan. In addition, for Uzbekistan, theinfrastructure and energy-related initiatives are part of its de-colonizationagenda aiming to shift its economy from being resource-based to being based onthe export of value-added products.




Word count abstract: 232Take home message: Multi-national task force provides consensus recommendations for palliative care for patients with COVID-19.Background: Many people are dying from COVID-19, but consensus guidance on palliative care in COVID-19 is lacking. This new life-threatening disease has put healthcare systems under pressure, with increased need of palliative care provided to many patients by clinicians with limited prior experience in this field. Therefore, we aimed to make consensus recommendations for palliative care for patients with COVID-19 using the Convergence of Opinion on Recommendations and Evidence (CORE) process.We invited 90 international experts to complete an online survey including stating their agreement, or not, with 14 potential recommendations. At least 70% agreement on directionality was needed to provide consensus recommendations. If consensus was not achieved on the first round, a second round was conducted.Results: 68 experts (75.6%) responded in the first round. Most participants were experts in palliative care, respiratory medicine or critical care medicine. In the first round, consensus was achieved on 13 recommendations based upon indirect evidence and clinical experience. In the second round, 58/68 (85.3%) of the first round experts responded, resulting in consensus also for the 14th recommendation.: This multi-national task force provides consensus recommendations for palliative care for patients with COVID-19 concerning: advance care planning; (pharmacological) palliative treatment of breathlessness; clinician-patient communication; remote clinician-family communication; palliative care involvement in patients with serious COVID-19; spiritual care; psychosocial care; and bereavement care. Future studies are needed to generate empirical evidence for these recommendations. Rationale: Clinician-patient communication is a corner stone of palliative care. Communication with patients with COVID-19 can be limited by wearing PPE. Healthcare professionals experience that masks hide facial expressions and muffle voices, which restricts the ability to show compassion.[23] Results: Almost all experts gave a strong (72.1%) or conditional (19.1%) recommendation for staff taking care of patients with serious COVID-19 receiving training in optimizing clinician-patient communication whilst wearing PPE. (Figure 1F) Experts experienced PPE as a significant and dehumanizing barrier to communication. They felt communication while using PPE was a critically important skill that had to be learned. New ways of showing empathy are needed along with guidance in these skills. One expert described tools developed to improve communication while using PPE, such as flashcards.[24] 7. Staff taking care of patients with serious COVID-19 should receive training in online clinicianfamily communication (while using telephone or video conferencing). Rationale: Family meetings for patients with COVID-19 are often held online to preserve PPE.[25] Communication and breaking difficult news remotely requires other communication skills in which healthcare professionals usually have no previous training. Healthcare professionals rely on in-person and non-verbal cues to facilitate difficult conversations[26], and may be reluctant to discuss sensitive topics during phone or video consultations.[27] Remote communication is more challenging for people with low literacy or few digital literacy skills, and people with sight or hearing impairment.[27] However, a report from the implementation of palliative care e-family meetings with trained clinicians showed the benefits of these meetings, including satisfied family members.[28] Key elements of remote communication skills have been published.[29]Results: Most experts provided a strong (58.8%) or conditional (29.4%) recommendation for staff taking care of patients with serious COVID-19 receiving training in online clinician -family communication (while using telephone or video conferencing). ( Figure 1G ) Experts reported the need for a member of the clinical team to communicate remotely with one designated family member or loved one daily. Remote communication skills are seen as essential, but clinicians are often not familiar with remote palliative care conversations.





a, b, c where the cited experiments of the author were performed.While the angiotensin converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) protein is defined as the primary severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) receptor, the viral serine molecule might be mobilized by the host's transmembrane protease serine subtype 2 (TMPRSS2) enzyme from the viral spike (S) protein and hijack the host's N-acetyl-Dgalactosamine (GalNAc) metabolism. The resulting hybrid, serologically A-like/Tn (T-nouvelle) structure potentially acts as a host-pathogen functional molecular bridge. In humans, this intermediate structure will hypothetically be replaced by ABO(H) blood group-specific, mucin-type structures, in the case of infection hybrid epitopes, implicating the phenotypically glycosidic accommodation of plasma proteins. The virus may, by mimicking the synthetic pathways of the ABO(H) blood groups, bind to the cell surfaces of the blood group O(H) by formation of a hybrid H-type antigen as the potential precursor of hybrid non-O blood groups, which does not affect the highly anti-glycan aggressive anti-A and anti-B isoagglutinin activities, exerted by the germline-encoded nonimmune immunoglobulin M (IgM). In the non-O blood groups, which have developed from the H-type antigen, these IgM activities are downregulated by phenotypic glycosylation, while adaptive immunoglobulins might arise in response to the hybrid A and B blood group structures, suggesting the exertion of autoreactivity. The non-O blood groups thus become a preferred target for the virus, whereas blood group O(H) individuals, lacking the A/B phenotype-determining enzymes and binding the virus alone by hybrid H-type antigen formation, have the least molecular contact with the virus and maintain the critical anti-A and anti-B isoagglutinin activities, exerted by the ancestral IgM, which is considered the humoral spearhead of innate immunity.3




Background. Sputum examination can be useful in diagnosing the cause of pneumonia in adults but is less well established in children. We sought to assess the diagnostic utility of polymerase chain reaction (PCR) for detection of respiratory viruses and bacteria in induced sputum (IS) specimens from children hospitalized with severe or very severe pneumonia.Methods. Among children aged 1-59 months, we compared organism detection by multiplex PCR in IS and nasopharyngeal/ oropharyngeal (NP/OP) specimens. To assess whether organism presence or density in IS specimens was associated with chest radiographic evidence of pneumonia (radiographic pneumonia), we compared prevalence and density in IS specimens from children with radiographic pneumonia and children with suspected pneumonia but without chest radiographic changes or clinical or laboratory findings suggestive of pneumonia (nonpneumonia group).Results. Among 4232 cases with World Health Organization-defined severe or very severe pneumonia, we identified 1935 (45.7%) with radiographic pneumonia and 573 (13.5%) with nonpneumonia. The organism detection yield was marginally improved with IS specimens (96.2% vs 92.4% for NP/OP specimens for all viruses combined [P = .41]; 96.9% vs 93.3% for all bacteria combined [P = .01]). After accounting for presence in NP/OP specimens, no organism was detected more frequently in the IS specimens from the radiographic pneumonia compared with the nonpneumonia cases. Among high-quality IS specimens, there were no statistically significant differences in organism density, except with cytomegalovirus, for which there was a higher quantity in the IS specimens from cases with radiographic pneumonia compared with the nonpneumonia cases (median cycle threshold value, 27.9 vs 28.5, respectively; P = .01).Conclusions. Using advanced molecular methods with IS specimens provided little additional diagnostic information beyond that obtained with NP/OP swab specimens.




Viruses serve as infectious agents for all living entities. There have been various research groups that focus on understanding the viruses in terms of their hostviral relationships, pathogenesis and immune evasion. However, with the current advances in the field of science, now the research field has widened up at the 'omics' level. Apparently, generation of viral sequence data has been increasing. There are numerous bioinformatics tools available that not only aid in analysing such sequence data but also aid in deducing useful information that can be exploited in developing preventive and therapeutic measures. This chapter elaborates on bioinformatics tools that are specifically designed for animal viruses as well as other generic tools that can be exploited to study animal viruses. The chapter further provides information on the tools that can be used to study viral epidemiology, phylogenetic analysis, structural modelling of proteins, epitope recognition and open reading frame (ORF) recognition and tools that enable to analyse host-viral interactions, gene prediction in the viral genome, etc. Various databases that organize information on animal and human viruses have also been described. The chapter will converse on overview of the current advances, online and downloadable tools and databases in the field of bioinformatics that will enable the researchers to study animal viruses at gene level.






The successful use of any adenoviral vectors is predicated upon the use of a serotype that is not neutralized by circulating antibodies. However, efforts to develop a diverse repertoire of serologically distinct adenovirus vectors may be hindered by the necessity to generate cell lines to allow for the successful propagation of vectors deleted of essential genes. A strategy to construct chimeric adenoviruses whereby the rescue and propagation of an E1-deleted HAdV-B-derived adenoviral vector can be achieved using existing cell lines such as HEK 293 is reported. It is further shown that this strategy may be more widely applicable.




The influence that meteorological, climatological and environmental factors had on historical disease outbreaks is often speculated upon, but little investigated. Here, we explore potential associations between pandemic disease and climate over the last 2,500 years in Mediterranean history, focusing on ancient disease outbreaks and the Justinianic plague in particular. We underscore variation in the quality, quantity and interpretation of written evidence and proxy information from natural archives, the comlexity of identifying and disentangling past climatological and environmental drivers, and the need to integrate diverse methodologies to discern past climate-disease linkages and leverage historical experiences to prepare for the rapid expansion of novel pathogenic diseases. Although the difficulties entailed in establishing historical climate-pandemic linkages persist to the present, this is a research area as urgent as it is complex and historical perspectives are desperately needed.




The outbreak of 2019 novel coronavirus disease worldwide is becoming rapidly a major concern. The number of severe cases has increased dramatically worldwide, while specific treatment options are scarce. The main pathologic features of severe or critical COVID-19 were consistent with acute lung injure (ALI)/acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS), characterized by cellular fibromyxoid exudates, extensive pulmonary inflammation, pulmonary edema, and hyaline membrane formation. Mesenchymal stem cells (MSCs) can balance the inflammatory response and has been mentioned to be effective on ALI/ARDS from both infectious and noninfectious causes previously, presenting an important opportunity to be applied to COVID-19. In this commentary, we summarize the clinical trials of MSCs treatments on ALI/ARDS and raise MSCs as a hopefully alternative therapy for severe or critical COVID-19.





GQM is a software metrics method that produces meaningful and appropriate measurement metrics based on the specific goals of an organisation. KAOS goal modelling is a software engineering approach that allows to identify high level goals of an organisation, refine and expand them into lower-level more concrete goals and assign them to specific system agents. The two approaches can be combined, such that the goal modelling is used to derive specific goals rooted in the organisational context, policies and strategies of an organisation. The GQM, in turn, utilises the derived specific goals to produce appropriate and meaningful metrics that can be used to obtain valuable insights and track the state and progress of the formulated goals. Moreover, both models can be presented within a single diagram, thus providing an expressive and concise overview of the systems goals, actors and measurements. The suggested combination is then applied in the context of an open source project, followed by the discussion on potential benefits and drawbacks of using the two approaches.




Serotonin is a critical monoamine neurotransmitter molecule stored and released from enterochromaffin (EC) cells into the gut submucosa, transmitting the vomiting signal to the brain. We studied one mechanism by which vomiting is induced in pigs infected with porcine epidemic diarrhea virus (PEDV) by characterization of swine EC cells by immunohistochemistry. Conventional or gnotobiotic (Gn) 9-day-old pigs [PEDV-inoculated (n = 12); Mock (n = 14)] were inoculated orally (8.9-9.2 log 10 genomic equivalents/pig) with PEDV PC21A strain or mock. This is the first identification of serotonin-positive EC cells in swine by immunohistochemistry and mainly in intestinal crypts, regardless of infection status. They were morphologically triangular-shaped or round cells with or without apical cytoplasmic extensions, respectively. At post-inoculation hour (PIH) 16 or 24, when vomiting was first or frequently observed, respectively, PEDV infection resulted in significantly reduced numbers of serotonin-positive EC cells in duodenum, mid-jejunum, ileum, or colon. However, two of three PEDV-inoculated Gn pigs that did not yet show vomiting at PIH 16 had numbers of serotonin-positive EC cells in duodenum, ileum and colon similar to those in the negative controls. These findings suggest that serotonin release from EC cells (increased serotonin levels) into the gut submucosa might occur early PEDV post-infection to stimulate the vagal afferent neurons, followed by vomiting. Serotonin might be involved in the mechanisms related to vomiting in PEDV-infected piglets. We also found that mid-jejunum was the primary site of acute PEDV infection, and that systemic innate and pro-inflammatory cytokine responses were induced during the acute stage of PEDV infection.




With the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic in the United States, many state and local governments were forced to implement necessary policies to contain transmission of the deadly virus. These policies ranged from closing most businesses to more controversial proposals, such as postponing primary elections. In this research note, we examine the role that scientific knowledge and gender played in citizen perceptions of these virus containment policies, both in the general population and among partisans. We find that while a gender gap persists in scientific knowledge, both in the general population and within the parties, women are generally more likely to use this knowledge to inform their Authors are listed in alphabetical order. We thank Trevor Foote, Shannon Owens, Jared Stefani, and three anonymous reviewers for helpful thoughts and comments





This paper presents my thinking and concerns about formation of COVID-19 policy. Policy formation must cope with substantial uncertainties about the nature of the disease, the dynamics of transmission, and behavioral responses. Data uncertainties limit our knowledge of the past trajectory and current state of the pandemic. Data and modeling uncertainties limit our ability to predict the impacts of alternative policies. I explain why current epidemiological and macroeconomic modeling cannot deliver realistically optimal policy. I describe my recent work quantifying basic data uncertainties that make policy analysis difficult. I discuss approaches for policy choice under uncertainty and suggest adaptive policy diversification.







www.thelancet.com/hiv Published online August 4, 2020 https://doi.




In the context of software model-driven development, artifacts are specified by several models describing different aspects, e.g., different views, dynamic behavior, structure, distributed information, etc. Then, maintaining and repairing consistency of the whole specification are crucial issues if the models can be separately developed and updated. Model Synchronization is the process of restoring consistency after the update of one or several of the models. In the present work, we approach the case when conflicts may arise due to concurrently updating different models. Specifically, based on the Triple Graph Grammar approach, we propose an incremental algorithm CSynch for solving conflicts and repairing consistency. In addition, we identify and formalize when a synchronizing solution can be considered adequate and show that our procedure CSynch is sound and complete.








Low dose radiation therapy as a potential life saving treatment for COVID-19-induced acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS), Radiotherapy and Oncology (2020), doi: https://doi.The new coronavirus COVID-19 disease caused by SARS-CoV-2 was declared as global public health emergency by WHO on Jan 30, 2020. Despite massive efforts from various governmental, health and medical organizations, the disease continues to spread globally with increasing fatality rates. Several experimental drugs have been approved by FDA with unknown efficacy and potential adverse effects.The exponentially spreading pandemic of COVID-19 deserves prime public health attention to evaluate yet unexplored arenas of management. We opine that one of these treatment options is low dose radiation therapy for severe and most critical cases. There is evidence in literature that low dose radiation induces an anti-inflammatory phenotype that can potentially afford therapeutic benefit against COVID-19-related complications that are associated with significant morbidity and mortality. Herein, we review the effects and putative mechanisms of low dose radiation that may be viable, useful and of value in counter-acting the acute inflammatory state induced by critical stage COVID-19.




The COVID-19 pandemic has many individuals around the world fearing for their lives. The constant news coverage, rapid transmission, and relatively high mortality rate, make fearfulness a natural response. To assess the fear of COVID-19, the Fear of COVID-19 Scale (FCV-19S) was developed. The primary aim of the present study was to conduct the first psychometric assessment and validation of the English version of the FCV-19S. Two samples were collected in New Zealand. Sample 1 comprised 1624 participants of which 1397 completed all questions and were used in the analyses. Sample 2 comprised 1111 participants of which 1023 completed all questions and were used in the analyses. Several psychometric tests were conducted to ascertain the scale's reliability and validity. Across both samples, the FCV-19S had high internal consistency. Consistent with the earlier validation studies, the FCV-19S displayed a moderately strong relationship with the perceived infectability and germ aversion subscales of the perceived vulnerability to disease scale (PVDS). Furthermore, FCV-19S scores were negatively correlated with the Warwick-Edinburgh Mental Wellbeing Scale (WEMWBS) scores. With respect to the motivating role of fear, there was a significant relationship between FCV-19S scores and adherence to the lockdown rules that were implemented in New Zealand. Finally, consistent with recent reports on the politicization of the COVID-19 pandemic, an exploratory question found that participants who rated themselves as more conservative tended to report lower FCV-19S scores. The English version of the COVID-19S is a sound unidimensional scale with robust psychometric properties and can be used with confidence among English-speaking populations.




The COVID-19 pandemic poses two challenges to healthcare providers. Firstly, a high number of patients require hospital admission. Second, a high number of healthcare staff are either falling ill with the infection, or self-isolating. This poses significant problems for the staffing of busy hospital departments. We have created a simple model which allows users to stress test their rota. The model provides plots of staff availability over time using either a constant infection rate, or a changing infection rate fitted to population-based infection curves. It allows users to gauge the extent and timing of dips in staff availability. The basic constant infection rate model is available within an on-line web application (https://covid19.shef.ac.uk). As for any model, our work is imperfect. However, it allows a range of infection rates to be simulated quickly across different work patterns. We hope it will be useful to those planning staff deployment and will stimulate debate on the most effective patterns of work during the COVID-19 epidemic.




In the wake of the COVID-19 pandemic, due to reasons beyond control, health care workers have struggled to deliver treatment for the patients with cancer. The concern for otherwise healthy patients with curable cancers that require timely intervention or therapy is the risk of contracting COVID-19 may outweigh the benefits of cancer treatment. Lack of international guidelines leaves health care providers with a case-to-case approach for delivering optimal cancer care in the wake of the pandemic. Transition to telemedicine has somewhat bridged the gap for in-office visits, but there is a continuing challenge of delays in cancer screening or significant decline of new diagnoses of cancers due to the pandemic. We aim to propose a balance in risk from treatment delay versus risks from COVID-19 with emphasis on treatment modality (surgery, radiation, and systemic therapy) as well as supportive care for cancer patients, and therefore have reviewed the publications and recommendations from international societies and study groups available as of October 2020.





In this study, we isolated and characterized an insect nidovirus from the mosquito Culex tritaeniorhynchus Giles (Diptera: Culicidae) in Vietnam, as an additional member of the new family Mesoniviridae in the order Nidovirales. The virus, designated ''Dak Nong virus (DKNV),'' shared many characteristics with Cavally virus and Nam Dinh virus, which have also been discovered recently in mosquitoes, and these viruses should be considered members of a single virus species, Alphamesonivirus 1. DKNV grew in cultured mosquito cells but could not replicate in the cultured vertebrate cells tested. N-terminal sequencing of the DKNV structural proteins revealed two posttranslational cleavage sites in the spike glycoprotein precursor. DKNV is assumed to be a new member of the species Alphamesonivirus 1, and the current study provides further understanding of viruses belonging to the new family Mesoniviridae.R. Kuwata and T. Satho contributed equally.





in Veyrier du Lac, France and was co-hosted by the two GVN Centers of Excellence, the Mérieux Foundation and the University of Veterinary Medicine Hannover (TiHo). The theme of this 10th International GVN meeting was ""Eradication and control of (re-) emerging viruses"". This report highlights the recent accomplishments of GVN researchers in several important areas of medical virology, including strategies for the eradication of smallpox, measles, polio, SARS and vector-borne or zoonotic infections, emergence and intervention strategies for retroviruses and arboviruses, preparedness for outbreaks of Filo-and other hemophilic viruses, pathogenesis, impact and prevention of respiratory viruses, as well as, viruses affecting the central and peripheral nervous system. Also threats in crisis settings like refugee camps were presented.




of NPEC1-Bmi1 cells, an immortalized nasopharyngeal epithelial cell line. Furthermore, efficient infection by this mechanism involved the activation of the PI3K/AKT signaling pathway. Thus, our study identified ""in-cell infection"" as a novel mechanism for EBV infection. Given the diversity of virus-infected cells and the prevalence of cell-in-cell structures during chronic infection, we speculate that ""in-cell infection"" is likely a general mechanism for EBV and other viruses to infect non-susceptible ECs.




2019 novel coronavirus pneumonia is an ongoing global pandemic with a worldwide death toll of over 416,000 as of June 10, 2020. Although the first documented cases in Wuhan, China were patients with severe respiratory symptoms including cough, fever, fatigue, and shortness of breath, the disease process can also be asymptomatic. In this case report, an asymptomatic 63-year old male with Lynch syndrome undergoing a routine staging fluorodeoxyglucose positron-emission tomography/computed tomography (FDG PET/CT) was found to have typical radiologic features of COVID-19 with marked pulmonary FDG uptake and was subsequently diagnosed via RT-PCR. Many studies have described the appearance of COVID-19 on chest radiography and CT with the most common imaging features being bilateral, peripheral, and basilar predominant ground glass opacities and consolidation. Although these findings are typically nonspecific for an atypical lung infection, early recognition of COVID-19 in the setting of a global pandemic (even in the asymptomatic patient) is critical in order to limit the spread of disease.An asymptomatic 63-year old Vietnamese male with a history of Lynch syndrome and colon, liver, and thyroid cancer presents to our nuclear medicine suite in early April 2020 for routine staging FDG mid body PET/CT (extending from the skull base to the mid thighs). Patient is status post remote thyroidectomy and radioactive iodine therapy for papillary thyroid cancer and right hemicolectomy with neoadjuvant chemotherapy in 2019 for colon adenocarcinoma. He had also undergone segment VI hepatectomy for hepatocellular carcinoma secondary to hepatitis C.The most recent cancer staging imaging performed four months prior (contrast enhanced CT of the chest, abdomen, and pelvis) described two small abdominal lymph nodes suspicious for recurrent colon cancer but was otherwise negative. Notably, the lungs at that time were clear. FDG PET/CT demonstrated multifocal, peripheral ground glass opacities throughout the lungs with right lower lobe






Foodborne diseases are a significant cause of morbidity and mortality worldwide. Studies have shown that the knowledge, attitude, and practices of food handlers are important factors in preventing foodborne illness. The purpose of this research is to assess the effects of training interventions on knowledge, attitude, and practice on food safety and hygiene among food handlers at different stages of the food supply chain. To this end, we conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis with close adherence to the PRISMA guidelines. We searched for training interventions among food handlers in five databases. Randomized control trials (RCT), quasi-RCTs, controlled before-after, and nonrandomized designs, including pre-post studies, were analyzed to allow a more comprehensive assessment. The meta-analysis was conducted using the random-effects model to calculate the effect sizes (Hedges's g) and 95% confidence interval (CI). Out of 1094 studies, 31 were included. Results showed an effect size of 1.24 (CI = 0.89-1.58) for knowledge, an attitude effect size of 0.28 (CI = 0.07-0.48), and an overall practice effect size of 0.65 (CI = 0.24-1.06). In addition, subgroups of self-reported practices and observed practices presented effect sizes of 0.80 (CI = 0.13-1.48) and 0.45 (CI = 0.15-0.76) respectively.A, and aflatoxins, to name but a few [3] . In this regard, the application of the Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Point (HACCP) system can improve food safety; however its strength and success in preventing foodborne illnesses depend on it being applied correctly along with the provision of a sanitary infrastructure and the application of principles of good hygiene practice [4] . Current evidence suggests that a substantial number of foodborne illnesses occur through poor food handling practices of food workers [5, 6] . Pathogens may appear in food, for instance, through unsafe farm practices, contamination during manufacturing, packaging, or distributing, or contamination in stores [7, 8] . Additionally, food purchases from unsafe sources, inadequate cooking or reheating, holding food at room temperature, cross-contamination, poor personal hygiene, or improper food handling practices frequently contribute to foodborne illnesses [9].To fight the battle against foodborne diseases, governments have resorted to strategies including food regulations and laws to monitor compliance with food safety standards [10] [11] [12] [13] . Additionally, food companies rely on food safety methodologies, including the food Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP), the Good Agricultural Practices (GAP), the Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Points (HACCP) system, and the ISO 22000 standard to assure the safety of their food products [14] [15] [16] . In such methodologies, training food handlers in food safety is one of the most effective strategies for preventing foodborne diseases [17] .In an attempt to increase both knowledge and practice on food safety and hygiene, different behavioral theories have been used, including the Health Belief Model, in which an individual will perform a preventive behavior depending on their desire to avoid illness (or if ill, to get well) and the belief that a specific health action will prevent (or ameliorate) illness [18, 19] ; the KAP model, which assumes that an individual's behavior or practice is dependent on their knowledge (K) and suggests that the mere provision of information will lead directly to a change in attitude (A) and, consequently, a change in behavior or practice (P) [20] ; and the theory of planned behavior (TPB) which focuses on the individual's intention to perform a given behavior and has been advocated by many researchers for the prediction of determinants of a food handler's behavior [21] [22] [23] [24] [25] [26] [27] .In this regard, there is an implied assumption that such training leads to changes in behavior based on the KAP model [28] . In other words, training affects knowledge [29] and increased knowledge of correct food hygiene practices may be an important factor in changing behavior [22] , i.e., the provision of food safety and hygiene training and the effective enactment of safe food handling practices are important for controlling foodborne illnesses [30, 31] . Unfortunately, in most cases, food hygiene training does not translate into positive food handling behaviors [25, 30] .In this regard, knowledge, attitude, and practice (KAP) surveys have been used widely. They are representative of a specific population to collect information on what is known, believed, and done in relation to a particular topic [32] . In this sense, several studies use training programs based on KAP as well as TPB with the aim of teaching food handlers how to identify food safety hazards and apply good practices regarding food safety.Knowledge is accumulated through learning processes (which may involve formal or informal instruction), personal experience, and experiential sharing [33] [34] [35] . Traditionally, it has been assumed that knowledge is automatically translated into behavior [36] , despite studies indicating that this is not necessarily true [37, 38] . On the other hand, attitude involves evaluative concepts associated with the way people think, feel, and behave [39] . In the food industry, food handlers must gain knowledge of food safety and be aware of and implement proper food handling practices [40] . Practice refers to how people demonstrate their knowledge and attitude through their actions [41] .Previous studies have analyzed the training interventions and relationship between KAP (knowledge, attitude, and practice) and food safety in environments such as hospitals [42] [43] [44] , colleges [45] [46] [47] , food establishments [48] [49] [50] , restaurants [51] [52] [53] , and houses [54-56], among others. Despite the effort made [57, 58] , further evidence of the effects of training interventions on the knowledge, attitudes and practices toward food safety and hygiene of food handlers from different processes along the food supply chain is needed. To address this gap, we conducted a systematic review and Foods 2020, 9, 1169 3 of 24 meta-analysis of studies conducting training interventions among food handlers involved in different processes including on farms, in food processing facilities, and in restaurants (i.e., from farm to fork).




The transmembrane domains (TMDs) of integral membrane proteins have emerged as major determinants of intracellular localization and transport in the secretory and endocytic pathways. Unlike sorting signals in the cytosolic domains, TMD sorting determinants are not conserved amino-acid sequences but physical properties such as length and hydrophilicity of the transmembrane span. The underlying sorting machinery is still poorly characterized but several mechanisms have been proposed, including TMD recognition by transmembrane sorting receptors and partitioning into membrane lipid domains. Here we review the nature of TMD sorting determinants and how they may dictate transmembrane protein localization and transport.




InnoMetrics is the system that aims at collecting software development process metrics in a non-invasive way to access and optimize the development process and its efficiency. This paper demonstrates the development and analysis of energy consumption of MacOS systems based on the software process measurement data. It represents the experience of the development of MacOS system collector and Transfer, in addition to the user interface and early analysis of energy consumption metrics calculations.




Responding to the extreme scarcity of medical resources during the early outbreak of the coronavirus disease in Wuhan, China, an emergency specialist hospital of Leishenshan started to construct on January 26, 2020, and accommodate patients on February 6, 2020. The clinical laboratory center of Leishenshan Hospital (CLCLH) was constructed at the same time within 11 days to support the treatment of inpatients in Leishenshan Hospital and the testing of suspected patients from different fever clinics in Wuhan. The CLCLH could perform a total of 320 clinic, 299 biochemistry, 31 microorganism, and 47 infection and immunity examinations per day. It could also complete an average of 239 nucleic acid tests and 118 severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) antibody examinations per day. No suspected cases were documented among the health care workers during the operation of the CLCLH. The construction and operation experiences of the CLCLH is provided in this study and might be used by other countries as reference. The content of this study is divided into 4 parts: (1) the establishment of the CLCLH, including its layout and medical resource allocation; (2) the major testing items; (3) the specific procedure of COVID-19 indicator examination; and (4) the standardized personal protection measures.




Background and aims: Canine adenovirus type 2 (CAV-2) infection is typically diagnosed histopathologically since intranuclear inclusion bodies (IN/IBs) are demonstrable in the infected lung. However, it is sometimes difficult to identify IN/IBs, particularly in autolyzed tissues or samples from both early and late stages of infection, and other methods were presently developed. Methods: Stray dog samples were evaluated by histopathology, polymerase chain reaction (PCR), and immunohistochemistry (IHC) to investigate the status of the CAV-2 infection on the stray dogs in Korea. Histologic tests were performed, and dogs with pneumonic lungs were further evaluated by IHC and PCR. Results: Pathognomonic IN/IBs were identified in 3 of 213 lungs; CAV-2 PCR was positive for 27 of 213 pneumonic lungs. A total of 7 of 27 CAV-2 PCR-positive lungs were IHC-positive. No PCR-negative lung was IHC-positive. Positive results were primarily detected in the IN/IBs of the bronchial epithelial cells, macrophages, and very rarely in the cytoplasm of bronchial epithelial cells. Conclusions: IHC was a more reliable diagnostic method than conventional pathologic methods in the present study, and suggests that IHC should be routinely used in the diagnosis of CAV-2 infection. Further, PCR alone may not be adequate for CAV-2 diagnosis.





Abstract Introduction:Stroke is the second most common cause of death after HIV/AIDS and a significant health burden in South Africa. The extent to which Universal Health Coverage is achieved for people with stroke in South Africa is unknown. Therefore a scoping review to explore the opportunities and challenges within the South African health system to facilitate the achievement of UHC for people with stroke is warranted.The scoping review will follow the approach recommended by Levac, Colquhoun and O'Brien, which includes five-steps: 1) identifying the research question, 2) identifying relevant studies, 3) selecting the studies, 4) charting the data, and 5) collating, summarising and reporting the results. Health Systems Dynamics Framework and WHO Framework on integrated people-centred health services will be used to map, synthesise and analyse data thematically.Ethical approval is not required for this scoping review, as it will only include published and publicly available data. The findings of this review will be published in an open-access, peer-reviewed journal and we will develop an accessible summary of the results for website posting and stakeholder meetings. Data generated from this review will be made available upon reasonable request. The study will apply a scoping review methodology to evaluate the extent to which Universal Health Care (UHC) for people with stroke is achieved in South Africa  In-depth primary analysis using the Health Systems Dynamics Framework and WHO Framework on integrated people-centred health services will map the data  The study will determine opportunities and challenges within the South African health system to facilitate the achievement of UHC for people with stroke.




J o u r n a l P r e -p r o o f J o u r n a l P r e -p r o o f





Background: Nasopharyngeal (NP) swab samples for antigen-detecting rapid diagnostic tests (Ag-RDTs) require qualified healthcare professionals and are frequently perceived as uncomfortable by patients.We performed a manufacturer-independent, prospective diagnostic accuracy study, comparing professional-collected anterior nasal (AN) to nasopharyngeal swab, using the test kits of a WHO-listed SARS-CoV-2 Ag-RDT (STANDARD Q COVID-19 Ag Test, SD Biosensor), which is also being distributed by Roche. Individuals with high suspicion for COVID-19 infection were tested. The reference standard was RT-PCR using a combined oro-/nasopharyngeal swab sample. Percent positive and negative agreement, as well as sensitivity and specificity were calculated.: Among the 179 participants, 41 (22.9%) tested positive for SARS-CoV-2 by RT-PCR. The positive percent agreement of the two different sampling techniques for the Ag-RDT was 93.5% (CI 79.3-98.2). The negative percent agreement was 95.9% (CI 91.4-98.1). The Ag-RDT with AN-sampling showed a sensitivity of 80.5% (33/41 PCR positives detected; CI 66.0-89.8) and specificity of 98.6% (CI 94.9-99.6) compared to RT-PCR. The sensitivity with NP-sampling was 73.2% (30/41 PCR positives detected; CI 58.1-84.3) and specificity was 99.3% (CI 96.0-100). In patients with high viral load (>7.0 log10 RNA SARS-CoV2/swab), the sensitivity of the Ag-RDT with AN-sampling was 100% and 94.7% with NP-sampling.Conclusion: This study demonstrates that sensitivity of a WHO-listed SARS-CoV-2 Ag-RDT using a professional AN-sampling kit is at least equal to that of the NP-sampling kit, although confidence intervals overlap. Of note, differences in the IFUs of the test procedures could have contributed to different sensitivities. AN-sampling can be performed with less training, reduces patient discomfort, and it enables scaling of antigen testing strategies. Additional studies of patient self-sampling should be considered to further facilitate the scaling-up of Ag-RDT testing.




Background: In all epidemics, healthcare staff are at the centre of risks and damages caused by pathogens. Today, nurses and physicians are faced with unprecedented work pressures in the face of the COVID-19 pandemic, resulting in several psychological disorders such as stress, anxiety and sleep disturbances. The aim of this study is to investigate the prevalence of sleep disturbances in hospital nurses and physicians facing the COVID-19 patients. Method: A systematic review and metanalysis was conducted in accordance with the PRISMA criteria. The PubMed, Scopus, Science direct, Web of science, CINHAL, Medline, and Google Scholar databases were searched with no lower time-limt and until 24 June 2020. The heterogeneity of the studies was measured using I 2 test and the publication bias was assessed by the Egger's test at the significance level of 0.05.The I 2 test was used to evaluate the heterogeneity of the selected studies, based on the results of I 2 test, the prevalence of sleep disturbances in nurses and physicians is I 2 : 97.4% and I 2 : 97.3% respectively. After following the systematic review processes, 7 cross-sectional studies were selected for meta-analysis. Six studies with the sample size of 3745 nurses were examined in and the prevalence of sleep disturbances was approximated to be 34.8% (95% CI: 24.8-46.4%). The prevalence of sleep disturbances in physicians was also measured in 5 studies with the sample size of 2123 physicians. According to the results, the prevalence of sleep disturbances in physicians caring for the COVID-19 patients was reported to be 41.6% (95% CI: 27.7-57%).




The hospital emergency planbasics and general structure "" Abstract A hospital emergency plan commonly consists of three main chapters dealing with the general aspects of emergency operation and the special aspects of external and internal emergencies. The extent of these chapters is restricted to general understanding and is completed by special instructions (emergency action plan, staff lists, material lists, situation plans) for each depart-ment. Due to its security significance, the emergency plan is handled confidential. External emergencies include mass casualty incidents, incidents with a large number of intoxicated patients, the care of patients with dangerous infectious diseases and NBC emergencies. Internal emergencies include fire and other environmental threats, the breakdown of the electrical power and water supply, the breakdown of the telephone system and other situations like bomb threat and taking of hostages. Any emergency call is sent to a special emergency phone, and a defined, experienced physician decides to activate the emergency plan. With the change from routine to emergency service, a chain of command is installed. The hospital staff deals with administrational and organizational aspects, whereas the medical staff is in charge of immediate patients' care. For each external emergency, the deployment of personnel and material and the basic organizational aspects are ordered. Comparable preparations are given for internal emergencies. To achieve realistic emergency planning, repeated evaluations and practical exercises are necessary. Furthermore, a basic independence of the hospital with respect to stocks, preparation and sterili-zation of instruments and catering is essential to ensure its function even under adverse conditions.




Background: COVID-19 has heterogeneous manifestations, though one of the most common symptoms is a sudden loss of smell (anosmia or hyposmia). We investigated whether olfactory loss is a reliable predictor of COVID-19.Methods: This preregistered, cross-sectional study used a crowdsourced questionnaire in 23 languages to assess symptoms in individuals self-reporting recent respiratory illness. We quantified changes in chemosensory abilities during the course of the respiratory illness using 0-100 visual analog scales (VAS) for participants reporting a positive (C19+; n=4148) or negative (C19-; n=546) COVID-19 laboratory test outcome. Logistic regression models identified singular and cumulative predictors of COVID-19 status and post-COVID-19 olfactory recovery.Results: Both C19+ and C19-groups exhibited smell loss, but it was significantly larger in C19+ participants (mean±SD, C19+: -82.5±27.2 points; C19-: -59.8±37.7). Smell loss during illness was the best predictor of COVID-19 in both single and cumulative feature models (ROC AUC=0.72), with additional features providing negligible model improvement. VAS ratings of smell loss were more predictive than binary chemosensory yes/no-questions or other cardinal symptoms, such as fever or cough. Olfactory recovery within 40 days was reported for ~50% of participants and was best predicted by time since illness onset.As smell loss is the best predictor of COVID-19, we developed the ODoR-19 tool, a 0-10 scale to screen for recent olfactory loss. Numeric ratings ≤ 2 indicate high odds of symptomatic COVID-19 (4<OR<10), which can be deployed when viral lab tests are impractical or unavailable.




Background: Previous exposures to flu and subsequent immune responses may impact on 2009/2010 pandemic flu vaccine responses and clinical symptoms upon infection with the 2009 pandemic H1N1 influenza strain. Qualitative and quantitative differences in humoral and cellular immune responses associated with the flu vaccination in 2009/2010 (pandemic H1N1 vaccine) and natural infection have not yet been described in detail. We designed a longitudinal study to examine influenza-(flu-) specific immune responses and the association between pre-existing flu responses, symptoms of influenza-like illness (ILI), impact of pandemic flu infection, and pandemic flu vaccination in a cohort of 2,040 individuals in Sweden in 2009-2010.Methods: Cellular flu-specific immune responses were assessed by whole-blood antigen stimulation assay, and humoral responses by a single radial hemolysis test.Results: Previous seasonal flu vaccination was associated with significantly lower flu-specific IFN-γ responses (using a whole-blood assay) at study entry. Pandemic flu vaccination induced long-lived T-cell responses (measured by IFN-γ production) to influenza A strains, influenza B strains, and the matrix (M1) antigen. In contrast, individuals with pandemic flu infection (PCR positive) exhibited increased flu-specific T-cell responses shortly after onset of ILI symptoms but the immune response decreased after the flu season (spring 2010). We identified non-pandemic-flu vaccinated participants without ILI symptoms who showed an IFN-γ production profile similar to pandemic-flu infected participants, suggesting exposure without experiencing clinical symptoms.Conclusions: Strong and long-lived flu-M1 specific immune responses, defined by IFN-γ production, in individuals after vaccination suggest that M1-responses may contribute to protective cellular immune responses. Silent flu infections appeared to be frequent in 2009/2010. The pandemic flu vaccine induced qualitatively and quantitatively different humoral and cellular immune responses as compared to infection with the 2009 H1N1 pandemic H1N1 influenza strain.




Salmonella enterica serotype Heidelberg is primarily a poultry adapted serotype of Salmonella that can also colonize other hosts and cause human disease. In this study, we compared the genomes of outbreak associated non-outbreak causing Salmonella ser. Heidelberg strains from diverse hosts and geographical regions. Human outbreak associated strains in this study were from a 2015 multistate outbreak of Salmonella ser. Heidelberg involving 15 states in the United States which originated from bull calves. Our clinicopathologic examination revealed that cases involving Salmonella ser. Heidelberg strains were predominantly young, less than weeks-old, dairy calves. Pre-existing or concurrent disease was found in the majority of the calves. Detection of Salmonella ser. Heidelberg correlated with markedly increased death losses clinically comparable to those seen in herds infected with S. Dublin, a known serious pathogen of cattle. Whole genome based single nucleotide polymorphism based analysis revealed that these calf isolates formed a distinct cluster along with outbreak associated human isolates. The defining feature of the outbreak associated strains, when compared to older isolates of S. Heidelberg, is that all isolates in this cluster contained Saf fimbrial genes which are generally absent in S. Heidelberg. The acquisition of several single nucleotide polymorphisms and the gain of Saf fimbrial genes may have contributed to the increased disease severity of these Salmonella ser. Heidelberg strains.




The etiology of most neurodegenerative diseases of the central nervous system remains unknown and likely involves a combination of genetic susceptibility and environmental triggering factors. Given that exposure to numerous infectious pathogens occurs during childhood, and that some viral infections can lead to neurodegeneration and demyelination, it is conceivable that some viruses may act as triggering factors in neuropathogenesis. We have previously shown that the prototype OC43 strain of the common cold-associated human respiratory coronavirus has the capacity to infect human neuronal and glial cells and does persist in human brains. Moreover, it has neuroinvasive properties in susceptible BALB/c mice, where it leads to a chronic encephalitis with accompanying disabilities. Here, we show that mutations in the viral spike glycoprotein, reproducibly acquired during viral persistence in human neural cell cultures, led to a drastically modified virus-induced neuropathology in BALB/c mice, characterized by flaccid paralysis and demyelination. Even though infection by both mutated and wild-type viruses led to neuroinflammation, the modified neuropathogenesis induced by the mutated virus was associated with increased viral spread and significantly more CD4+ and CD8+ T-lymphocyte infiltration into the central nervous system, as well as significantly increased levels of the proinflammatory cytokine interleukin (IL)-6 and the chemokine CCL2 (monocyte chemoattractant protein [MCP]-1). Moreover, recombinant virus harboring the S glycoprotein mutations retained its neurotropism, productively infecting neurons. Therefore, interaction of a human respiratory coronavirus with the central nervous system may modulate virus and host factors resulting in a modified neuropathogenesis in genetically susceptible individuals. Journal of NeuroVirology (2010) 16, 279-293.




Seit dem ersten Auftreten der Coronavirus-Krankheit 2019 in China sind nur wenige Wochen vergangen. In dieser Zeit hat sich die Infektion weltweit ausgebreitet. Doch auch das Wissen über das neuartige Coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) ist gewachsen. Dieser Artikel fasst die wichtigsten Erkenntnisse zusammen und gibt einen Überblick, wie die limitierte Datenlage hinsichtlich Schwangerschaft und Geburt einzuschätzen ist. (Stand: 21.03.2020) Abb. 1 Schematische Darstellung von SARS-CoV-2: Die Proteinstrukturen auf der Virushülle geben Coronaviren ihr typisches kranzförmiges Aussehen. (Illustration: Thieme Gruppe) Entstehung und Verbreitung Ende Dezember 2019 meldeten Gesundheitsbehörden in China mehrere Fälle von Pneumonien unbekannter Ätiologie. Chinesische Wissenschaftler führten diese auf ein neuartiges Coronavirus zurück, das sich durch große Homologie zum Erreger von SARS (Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome) auszeichnet und daher als SARS-Coronavirus-2 (SARS-CoV-2) bezeichnet wurde [6][9][14]. INFO Coronaviren Coronaviren sind RNA-Viren, die sowohl Tiere als auch Menschen befallen können. Ihr Name ist auf ihr typisches kranzförmiges Aussehen (lat. Corona; Kranz, Krone) zurückzuführen. Beim Menschen lösen die Viren vor allem Erkrankungen des Respirationstrakts aus. Neben SARS-CoV und dem neuartigen Coronavirus SARS-CoV-2 gehört auch der Erreger des Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS) zur Familie der Coronaviren. Alle drei können neben milden und moderaten Symptomen auch sehr schwere Krankheitsverläufe nehmen. Vier weitere Coronaviren sind in Deutschland verbreitet. Sie führen zu typischen Erkältungssymptomen, die in der Regel mild verlaufen [9][5]. Aktuelles | Coronavirus Thieme Becker M, Coronavirus: Was bisher …




As our behavioral patterns change due to the COVID-19 crisis, our impact on nature and the environment changes too. Pollution levels are showing significant reductions. People are more aware of the importance of access to local green and blue spaces. By analyzing online search behavior in twenty European countries, we investigate how public awareness of nature and the environment has evolved during the COVID-19 crisis. We find that the crisis goes hand in hand with a positive shift in public awareness of nature-related topics, but that awareness of environmental topics remains unaffected. While the decreasing pollution levels and media attention may reduce the overall sense of urgency to tackle pollution problems, the increased experience with local natural resources may strengthen public support for a recovery program that puts the transition towards a more sustainable economic system centrally.




To examine the psychological impact of fertility treatment suspensions resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic and to clarify psychosocial predictors of better or worse mental health.92 women from Canada and the United States (ages 20-45 years) whose fertility treatments had been cancelled were recruited via social media. Participants completed a battery of questionnaires assessing depressive symptoms, perceived mental health impact, and change in quality of life related to treatment suspensions. Potential predictors of psychological outcomes were also examined, including several personality traits, aspects of social support, illness cognitions, and coping strategies.




The rapid spread of coronavirus SARS-CoV-2 greatly threatens global public health but no prophylactic vaccine is available. Here, we report the generation of a replication-incompetent recombinant serotype 5 adenovirus, Ad5-S-nb2, carrying a codon-optimized gene encoding Spike protein (S). In mice and rhesus macaques, intramuscular injection with Ad5-S-nb2 elicits systemic S-specific antibody and cell-mediated immune (CMI) responses. Intranasal inoculation elicits both systemic and pulmonary antibody responses but weaker CMI response. At 30 days after a single vaccination with Ad5-S-nb2 either intramuscularly or intranasally, macaques are protected against SARS-CoV-2 challenge. A subsequent challenge reveals that macaques vaccinated with a 10-fold lower vaccine dosage (1 × 10 10 viral particles) are also protected, demonstrating the effectiveness of Ad5-S-nb2 and the possibility of offering more vaccine dosages within a shorter timeframe. Thus, Ad5-S-nb2 is a promising candidate vaccine and warrants further clinical evaluation.





Journal Pre-proof J o u r n a l P r e -p r o o f Highlights  COVID-19 is associated with a higher rate of PE, particularly in critically-ill patients  Identifying those requiring PE investigations is challenging due to overlapping clinical presentation and high D-dimer seen in COVID-19 Single-centre study of imaging outcomes (for PE), in patients with suspected/confirmed COVID-19 37% of inpatients scanned had PE. D-dimer >4200 ng/mL risk stratified, but could not exclude PE. Clinicians should have high index of suspicion for PE in COVID-19 Abstract Background: Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) is characterised by dyspnoea and abnormal coagulation parameters, including raised D-dimer. Data suggests a high incidence of pulmonary embolism (PE) in ventilated patients with COVID-19. Objectives: To determine the incidence of PE in hospitalised patients with COVID-19 and the diagnostic yield of Computer Tomography Pulmonary Angiography (CTPA) for PE. We also examined the utility of D-dimer and conventional pre-test probability for diagnosis of PE in COVID-19. Patients/Methods: Retrospective review of single-centre data of all CTPA studies in patients with suspected or confirmed COVID-19 identified from Electronic Patient Records (EPR).Results: There were 1477 patients admitted with COVID-19 and 214 CTPA scans performed, of which n=180 (84%) were requested outside of critical care. The diagnostic yield for PE was 37%. The overall proportion of PE in patients with COVID-19 was 5.4%. The proportions with Wells score of ≥4 ('PE likely') was 33/134 (25%) without PE vs 20/80 (25%) with PE (P = 0.951). The median National Early Warning-2 (NEWS2) score (illness severity) was 5 (interquartile range [IQR] 3 -9) in PE group vs 4 (IQR 2 -7) in those without PE (P = 0.133). D-dimer was higher in PE (median 8000 ng/mL; IQR 4665 -8000ng/mL) than non-PE (2060ng/mL; IQR 1210 -4410ng/mL; P < 0.001). In the 'low probability' group, D-dimer was higher (P<0.001) in those with PE but had a limited role in excluding PE.Even outside of the critical care environment, PE in hospitalised patients with COVID-19 is common. Of note, approaching half of PE events were diagnosed on hospital admission. More data are needed to identify an optimal diagnostic pathway in patients with COVID-19. Randomised controlled trials of intensified thromboprophylaxis are urgently needed. Journal Pre-proof J o u r n a l P r e -p r o o f Ethical considerations This was a service evaluation based upon the Health Research Authority (HRA) decision tool [23] and ethics approval was not required as agreed by the King'Journal Pre-proof J o u r n a l P r e -p r o o f Results Over the study time-period, there were 1477 patients admitted with COVID-19, including 222 admissions to ICU. At the end of data collection, 8.2% patients remained in hospital and 16% had died.In total, 339 CTPA scans were performed (Fig 1) . Nineteen patients had more than one CTPA during their admission. After further screening of the cases to remove duplicated hospital number or scans for reasons other than suspected PE, 310 CT scans remained. Of these, 214 were scans in patients for whom COVID-19 had been confirmed (n=145) or was clinically suspected (n=69) at the time of CTPA request. Cohort description: Of the 214 scans, n=80 (37%) confirmed PE. Therefore, from 1477 patients admitted with COVID-19, 5.4% were diagnosed with PE. The demographic and clinical features of those with and without PE are in Table 1. At the time of manuscript preparation, of n=214, n=36 patients were still receiving hospital treatment and 31 patients had died in hospital. Thirty-two patients had CTPA during a hospital readmission (readmitted within 90 days of discharge; median time to readmission 18.5 days [IQR 7-46 days]). Of these 32 CTPA, nine were positive for PE. Thirtyfour patients (16%) were receiving invasive positive pressure ventilation (IPPV), in the intensive care unit (ICU) at the time that CTPA was requested (sixteen of whom showed presence of PE). However, a further n=44 of the cohort subsequently received ICU care (20 with PE), making a total of 78 ICUtreated patients (Table 1) . Thus, the proportion of ICU patients with PE was 16.2%. There were no differences in the distribution of age, gender or body weight between groups. The median NEWS2 score was 5 (IQR 3 -9) in those with PE compared to NEWS2 of 4 (IQR 2 -7) in those without (P = 0.133). The incidence of PE in patients with ward-based care was 3.5% (of 1255 admissions to the ward level care). Eighty-two scans (38%) were performed within 24-hours of admission (of which n=31 showed PE); 26 scans (14%, n=4 showed PE) were performed at 24-72 hours. The range of imaging was 0-120 days: one patient having been admitted for over 2-months prior to the first case of COVID-19 recorded. Median duration from admission to imaging was 2 days. Of all admissions, 2.1% were diagnosed with PE within 24 hours of admission. Of the patients scanned after 24-hours of admission, 124 were receiving anticoagulation (predominantly weight based thromboprophylaxis, n= 95) from admission. Nine commenced therapeutic anticoagulation whilst awaiting imaging, 9 patients were on an unfractionated heparin infusion to maintain haemofilter patency and 11 Journal Pre-proof Positive cases: Of those with a confirmed PE (n=80), the CTPA showed 'massive' (saddle embolus) in n=3 and bilateral PE in 34 cases. Of unilateral cases, the thrombus was segmental (n=28) and subsegmental (n=13). One patient had unilateral PE extending from the pulmonary artery and one Journal Pre-proof J o u r n a l P r e -p r o o f patient had unilateral lobar thrombus. Right ventricular strain was evident on CT in n=9. One of the cases of PE was treated with thrombolysis. Of the positive cases, all but one (end of life care) received therapeutic anticoagulation. This was with enoxaparin in n=36, rivaroxaban n=15, apixaban n=8, edoxaban n=7, unfractionated heparin infusion n=13.Journal Pre-proof





U n c o r r e c t e d J o u r n a l P r e -P r o o f J o u r n a l P r e -p r o o f U n c o r r e c t e d J o u r n a l P r e -P r o o f J o u r n a l P r e -p r o o f Mayo Clinic Proceedings International Biomedical Workforce in COVID-19




Zusätzliche Informationen sind in der Onlineversion dieses Artikels (https://doi.org/ 10.1007/s00104-020-01256-x) enthalten.Die SARS-CoV-2-Pandemie breitet sich seit Dezember 2019 weltweit aus. Die Auswirkungen auf die Allgemein-und Viszeralchirurgie waren besonders deutlich: Um Krankenhauskapazitäten für COVID-19-Patienten bereitzustellen, mussten elektive Operationen ausgesetzt und verschoben werden. Nun dürfen die Bettenkapazitäten schrittweise wieder für elektive Eingriffe freigegeben und genutzt werden. In diesem Beitrag werden die Wahrnehmungen und Erfahrungswerte der Ordinarien für Allgemein-und Viszeralchirurgie in Deutschland in dieser frühen Pandemiephase vorgestellt.





At the end of February 2020 COVID-19 infection appeared in Italy, with consequent diffusion, in few weeks, in almost all the Europe. Despite that human-to-human is the recognized main virus transmission way, several authors supposed pollution-to-human mechanisms to justify the appearance of contagious in Italy. However, these works often suffered of a lack of analysis of possible overlapping of different variables, other than only environmental ones. After a decreasing of detected cases in summer, Europe faced with the appearance of a COVID-19 second wave. In this context the Italy situation appeared to be ""strange"". Indeed, compared with the other selected Countries (France, Germany, UK, and Spain), the Italian infection cases resulted to be lower, in the same analysed period. This work is devoted to find a possible justification of the unexpected situation found in Italy. A comparison of the imposed restrictions in the considered Countries allows to highlight that some policies result more effective to limit the virus spread. This clearly shows that the imposed constraints and the people capacities to receipt them are fundamental parameters that must be always accounted in the determination of the virus expansion. The lesson provided by Italy should be achieved by other member states where the COVID-19 sanitary crisis results to be worse. It is evident that the re-opening of ordinary activities involving people interactions, in Autumn, may contribute to promote a larger SARS-CoV-2 diffusion also in Italy. Author strongly highlights that pollution-to-human transmission mechanisms cannot be proposed whiteout considering the complexity of human-to-human interactions, that can be modified by imposed restrictions. It is fundamental to understand that a more precise acknowledge of the variables that should be considered in model predictions, instead of a need of more precise point prediction, will contribute to increase the reliability and the comprehension of the virus diffusion mechanisms, that is fundamental to face this pandemic period. J o u r n a l P r e -p r o o f J o u r n a l P r e -p r o o f J o u r n a l P r e -p r o o f





Rapid large-scale testing is essential for controlling the ongoing pandemic of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2). The standard diagnostic pipeline for testing SARS-CoV-2 presence in patients with an ongoing infection is predominantly based on pharyngeal swabs, from which the viral RNA is extracted using commercial kits followed by reverse transcription and quantitative PCR detection. As a result of the large demand for testing, commercial RNA extraction kits may be limited and alternative, non-commercial protocols are needed. Here, we provide a magnetic bead RNA extraction protocol that is predominantly based on in-house made reagents and is performed in 96-well plates supporting large-scale testing. Magnetic bead RNA extraction was benchmarked against the commercial QIAcube extraction platform. Comparable viral RNA detection sensitivity and specificity were obtained by fluorescent and colorimetric RT-LAMP using N primers, as well as RT-qPCR using E gene primers showing that the here presented RNA extraction protocol can be combined with a variety of detection methods at high throughput. Importantly, the presented diagnostic workflow can be quickly set up in a laboratory without access to an automated pipetting robot.




The ability to explicitly represent infectious disease distributions and their risk factors over massive geographical and temporal scales has transformed how we investigate how environment impacts health. While landscape epidemiology studies have shed light on many aspects of disease distribution and risk differentials across geographies, new computational methods combined with new data sources such as citizen sensors, global spatial datasets, sensor networks, and growing availability and variety of satellite imagery offer opportunities for a more integrated approach to understanding these relationships. Additionally, a large number of new modelling and mapping methods have been developed in recent years to support the adoption of these new tools. The complexity of this research context results in study-dependent solutions and prevents landscape approaches from deeper integration into operational models and tools. In this paper we consider three common research contexts for spatial epidemiology; surveillance, modelling to estimate a spatial risk distribution and the need for intervention, and evaluating interventions and improving healthcare. A framework is proposed and a categorization of existing methods is presented. A case study into leptospirosis in Sri Lanka provides a working example of how the different phases of the framework relate to real research problems. The new framework for geocomputational landscape epidemiology encompasses four key phases: characterizing assemblages, characterizing functions, mapping interdependencies, and examining outcomes. Results from Sri Lanka provide evidence that the framework provides a useful way to structure and interpret analyses. The framework reported here is a new way to structure existing methods and tools of geocomputation that are increasingly relevant to researchers working on spatially explicit disease-landscape studies.




A significant challenge facing the field of rheumatology is the projected gap between the growing demand for rheumatologists and the available workforce. In order to improve access to care, augmenting the rheumatology workforce is required. Herein we discuss potential solutions to the anticipated workforce shortage, including 1) expanding the training of rheumatology physicians; 2) increasing nurse practitioner, physician assistant and pharmacist utilization in rheumatology practice; 3) growing the use of telemedicine; and 4) reducing burnout in order to retain practicing rheumatologists. Building on the existing literature in these areas, we propose a multifaceted approach to addressing the rheumatology workforce shortage.





In December, 2019, an outbreak of COVID-19 emerged in Wuhan, China and quickly spread globally. As of May 7, 2020, there were 3 672 238 confirmed infections and 254 045 deaths attributed to COVID-19. Evidence has shown that there are asymptomatic carriers of COVID-19 who can transmit the disease to others. The virus incubation time shows a wide range (0-24 days) and the virus displays a high infectivity. It is therefore urgent to develop an effective therapy to treat patients with COVID-19 and to control the spread of the causative agent, severe respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2. Repurposing of approved drugs is widely adopted to fight newly emerged diseases such as COVID-19, as these drugs have known pharmacokinetic and safety profiles. As pathological examination has confirmed the involvement of immune hyperactivation and acute respiratory distress syndrome in fatal cases of COVID-19, several disease-modifying anti-rheumatic drugs (DMARDS), such as hydroxychloroquine and tocilizumab, have been proposed as potential therapies for the treatment of COVID-19. In this Review, we discuss the immunological aspects of COVID-19 and the potential implication of DMARDs in treating this disease.




The epidemic, caused by SARS-CoV-2 at the beginning of 2020, led us to a serious change in our lifestyle that for about three months has confined us to our homes, far from our laboratory routine. In this period, the belief that the work of a researcher should never stop has been the driving force in writing the present paper. It aims at reviewing the recent scientific knowledge about in vitro experimental data that focused on the antiviral role of phenols and polyphenols against different species of coronaviruses (CoVs), pointing up the viral targets potentially involved. In the current literature scenario, the papain-like and the 3-chymotrypsin-like proteases seem to be the most deeply investigated and a number of isolated natural (poly)phenols has been screened for their efficacy.




Background: Canine parvovirus 2 (CPV 2) is a major infectious cause of mortality in puppies. The characteristic symptom of CPV 2 disease is intestinal hemorrhage with severe bloody diarrhea. Soon after CPV was first recognized in the late 1970s, the original virus, CPV 2, was replaced in the canine population by strains carrying minor antigenic variants (termed 2a, 2b, and 2c) of the VP2 gene that could be distinguished using monoclonal antibodies and molecular analyses. Here, we provide an updated molecular characterization of the CPV 2 circulating in Taiwan. Methods: In this study, 28 isolates of CPV 2 from 144 dogs with suspected CPV infection were obtained from northern, central, and southern Taiwan from 2008 to 2012 and screened by PCR. The 28 isolates were sequenced, and a phylogenetic analysis of the VP2 gene was performed.Results: Of the 28 Taiwanese CPV 2 isolates, 15 were identified as new CPV 2a, and 13 were identified as new CPV 2b. Compared to the reference CPV 2a, all 15 of the CPV 2a sequences collected in this study contain an Ile324 mutation caused by a TAT to ATT mutation at nucleotides 970-972 of the VP2 gene.Conclusion: Our VP2 sequence data revealed that both types are currently prevalent CPV 2 field strains circulating in Taiwan, and a unique Ile324 VP2 mutation was found in our Taiwanese CPV 2a isolates and recent Asian isolates. CPV 2c was not observed in this study.




Europe is often the center of origin of restrictions regarding technologies (e.g., biotechnologies: GMOs and, more recently, gene editing). The causes have already been analyzed in relation to European regulations, but not to its deeply embedded roots. This is what the present article attempts to do. It first depicts the broader historical background in Europe, the rise of a new ideology aiming to avoid repetition of the tragedies of the past, and the way these postmodern ideas have been transposed to science, with a focus on the issue of technological risk. In contrast to Europe, the United States has not enacted biotechnology-inhibiting laws, and the reasons for such a difference are discussed.During the last century, Europe suffered from two devastating World Wars, the mass crimes of two totalitarian states and the inhumane nature of their concentration camps, and several genocides. In




Genomic RNA fingerprints of infectious bronchitis virus (IBV) strains M41 and Conn46 were prepared to identify Tl RNase-resistant oligonucleotides 'unique' to each of the two IBV strains. Such oligonucleotides were subsequently eluted from the gels and their nucleotide sequences determined. When oligonucleotide probes of those sequences were synthesized and used in a dot-blot hybridization assay, the probes lacked IBV strain-speciticity and reacted with the RNAs of homologous as well as heterologous IBV strains. Based on these results, the methods used in this study need to be applied to a large number of oligonucleotide probes, to find one or a few that might be suitable as IBV strain-or serotype-specific oligonucleotide probes.IBV strain M41; IBV strain Conn46; Monoclonal antibody; Nucleic acid probe;




Keywords: cholestasis gastroenterology hepatology inflammatory bowel disease nurse practitioner a b s t r a c t Patients with jaundice and abdominal pain should be assessed immediately for biliary obstruction. The development of cholangitis, or an inflammation of the bile ducts, can lead to infection. A nurse practitioner must complete a thorough health history and physical examination to assist in differentiating potential causes of jaundice.





Un chat adulte exprimant une forme nerveuse et entéritique de la panleucopénie féline développe des lésions cutanées purpuriques. L'analyse histopathologique de biopsies cutanées met en évidence des lésions de vascularite non leucocytoclasique à prédominance mononucléée. Les vascularites sont particulièrement rares chez le chat et souvent idiopathiques. La démarche diagnostique comprend l'éviction de plusieurs hypothèses, médicamenteuses ou virales (virus d'immunodéficience féline [FIV], virus leucémogène félin [FeLV], péritonite infectieuse féline [PIF]). Ce cas rappelle le purpura Henoch-Schönlein, cause la plus fréquente de vascularite chez les enfants, qui serait associé à diverses causes dont une infection par le parvovirus B19.Summary Purpuric cutaneous lesions occurred on an adult neutered cat diagnosed with a nervous and enteritic form of panleukopenia. Histopathology of cutaneous samples revealed predominant mononuclear non-leukocytoclasic vasculitis. Feline vasculitis has rarely been reported and etiological agents are difficult to identify. Differential diagnosis ruled out cutaneous drug reaction and several viral hypotheses such as FIV, FeLV and FIP. This case is similar to the children's most frequently vasculitis: the Henoch-Schönlein purpura, which is probably caused by the parvovirus B19.




The COVID-19 pandemic has sparked an urgent need to uncover the underlying biology of this devastating disease.Though RNA viruses mutate more rapidly than DNA viruses, there are a relatively small number of single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) that differentiate the main SARS-CoV-2 2 clades that have spread throughout the world. In this study, we investigated over 7,000 SARS-CoV-2 datasets to unveil both intrahost and interhost diversity. Our intrahost and interhost diversity analyses yielded three major observations. First, the mutational profile of SARS-CoV-2 highlights iSNV and SNP similarity, albeit with high variability in C>T changes. Second, iSNV and SNP patterns in SARS-CoV-2 are more similar to MERS-CoV than SARS-CoV-1. Third, a significant fraction of small indels fuel the genetic diversity of SARS-CoV-2. Altogether, our findings provide insight into SARS-CoV-2 genomic diversity, inform the design of detection tests, and highlight the potential of iSNVs for tracking the transmission of SARS-CoV-2.






Background: Microaspiration of gastric and oropharyngeal secretions is the main causative mechanism of ventilatorassociated pneumonia (VAP). Transesophageal echocardiography (TEE) is a routine investigation tool in intensive care unit and could enhance microaspiration. This study aimed at evaluating the impact of TEE on microaspiration and VAP in intubated critically ill adult patients.It is a four-center prospective observational study. Microaspiration biomarkers (pepsin and salivary amylase) concentrations were quantitatively measured on tracheal aspirates drawn before and after TEE. The primary endpoint was the percentage of patients with TEE-associated microaspiration, defined as: (1) ≥ 50% increase in biomarker concentration between pre-TEE and post-TEE samples, and (2) a significant post-TEE biomarker concentration (> 200 μg/L for pepsin and/or > 1685 IU/L for salivary amylase). Secondary endpoints included the development of VAP within three days after TEE and the evolution of tracheal cuff pressure throughout TEE.We enrolled 100 patients (35 females), with a median age of 64 (53-72) years. Of the 74 patients analyzed for biomarkers, 17 (23%) got TEE-associated microaspiration. However, overall, pepsin and salivary amylase levels were not significantly different between before and after TEE, with wide interindividual variability. VAP occurred in 19 patients (19%) within 3 days following TEE. VAP patients had a larger tracheal tube size and endured more attempts of TEE probe introduction than their counterparts but showed similar aspiration biomarker concentrations. TEE induced an increase in tracheal cuff pressure, especially during insertion and removal of the probe.We could not find any association between TEE-associated microaspiration and the development of VAP during the three days following TEE in intubated critically ill patients. However, our study cannot formally rule out a role for TEE because of the high rate of VAP observed after TEE and the limitations of our methods.




During the last many years, the air quality of the capital city of India, Delhi had been hazardous. A large number of people have been diagnosed with Asthma and other breathing-related problems. The basic reason behind this has been the high concentration of life-threatening PM2.5 particles dissolved in its atmosphere. A good model, to forecast the concentration level of these dissolved particles, may help to prepare the residents with better prevention and safety strategies in order to save them from many health-related diseases. This work aims to forecast the PM2.5 concentration levels in various regions of Delhi on an hourly basis, by applying time series analysis and regression, based on various atmospheric and surface factors such as wind speed, atmospheric temperature, pressure, etc. The data for the analysis is obtained from various weather monitoring sites, set-up in the city, by the Indian Meteorological Department (IMD). A regression model is proposed, which uses Extra-Trees regression and AdaBoost, for further boosting. Experimentation for comparative study with the recent works is done and results indicate the efficacy of the proposed model.




PbNb 2 O 6 (PN)-based ceramics with tungsten bronze structure are promising piezoelectric materials in high-temperature devices such as piezoelectric vibration transducers. However, the PN-based ceramics usually exhibit a low bulk density, which greatly limits their practical applications. In this work, CuO was used as the sintering aid to form a liquid-phase bridge, leading to an obvious increase of the bulk density of PN-based ceramics by 11% (from 5.25 to 5.85 g·cm -3 ) and the improvement of the piezoelectric constant (d 33 ) (from 168 to 190 pC/N) and the Curie temperature (T C ) from 367 to 395 °C. The positive influence of CuO on densification has been proved by SEM and fracture toughness. The XRD patterns confirmed that there was no secondary phase introduced by CuO addition. The Raman spectra revealed that part of Cu 2+ ions has probably diffused into host lattice of the PN and preferred to occupy on A-sites. These results not only demonstrate the high potential of the CuO added PN-based ceramics for high-temperature piezoelectric applications, but also reveal the corresponding structure-properties relationship as well as provide a way to improve the sinterability, d 33 , and T C simultaneously.




The problem of counting the number of independent sets of a graph G (denoted as i(G)) is a classic #P-complete problem. We present some patterns on graphs that allows us the polynomial computation of i(G).For example, we show that for a graph G where its set of cycles can be arranged as embedded cycles, i(G) can be computed in polynomial time. Particularly, our proposal counts independent sets on outerplanar graphs.




Severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) was first recognized in February 2003. It is the first severe and readily transmissible new disease to emerge in the 21st century. Healthcare workers in affected countries were exposed to the regular use of personal protective equipment (PPE) such as the N95 mask, gloves, and gowns. Our aim was to study the prevalence of adverse skin reactions to PPE among healthcare workers in Singapore during the SARS outbreak. Healthcare staff in the National Skin Centre and Tan Tock Seng Hospital were surveyed using questionnaires. Of those asked to participate, 322 (94.7%) agreed. 14.3% of the respondents were doctors, 73.0% nurses, and 12.7% other ancillary staff. Mean age of respondents was 32.4 years, with the majority being women (85.7%) and Chinese (53.7%). 109 (35.5%) of the 307 staff who used masks regularly reported acne (59.6%), facial itch (51.4%), and rash (35.8%) from N95 mask use. 64 (21.4%) of the 299 who used gloves regularly reported dry skin (73.4%), itch (56.3%), and rash (37.5%). The use of PPE is associated with high rates of adverse skin reactions. There is a need to find suitable alternatives for affected staff and to encourage awareness among staff of the role of dermatologists in their care.




To determine the clinical manifestations, risk factors, and maternal and perinatal outcomes in pregnant and recently pregnant women with suspected or confirmed coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19).Living systematic review and meta-analysis.





Background Infl uenza is an important cause of morbidity and mortality worldwide. Treatment options are scarce, and new drugs with novel mechanisms of action are needed. We aimed to assess the effi cacy and safety of nitazoxanide, a thiazolide anti-infective, for treatment of acute uncomplicated infl uenza.We did a double-blind, randomised, placebo-controlled, phase 2b/3 trial in 74 primary care clinics in the USA between Dec 27, 2010, and April 30, 2011. We enrolled participants aged 12-65 years with fever, at least one respiratory symptom, and one constitutional symptom of infl uenza within 48 h of symptom onset. We randomly assigned participants to receive either nitazoxanide 600 mg, nitazoxanide 300 mg, or placebo twice daily for 5 days, (ratio 1:1:1) and followed them up for 28 days. Randomisation lists were computer generated and done in blocks of three. Sponsor, investigators, study monitors, patients, and laboratory personnel were all masked to treatment allocation in the study. The primary endpoint was the time from fi rst dose to alleviation of symptoms. The primary analysis was by intention-to-treat for participants with infl uenza infection confi rmed by RT-PCR or culture at baseline. This trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT01227421.Of 650 participants screened, 624 (96%) were enrolled. Of these, 212 were randomly assigned to receive placebo twice a day, 201 to receive nitazoxanide 300 mg twice a day, and 211 to receive nitazoxanide 600 mg a day. The median duration of symptoms for participants receiving placebo was 116·7 h (95% CI 108·1-122·1) compared with 95·5 h (84·0-108·0; p=0·0084) for those receiving 600 mg nitazoxanide and 109·1 h (96·1-129·5, p=0·52) for those receiving 300 mg nitazoxanide. Adverse events were similar between the three groups, the most common being headache reported by 24 (11%) of 212 patients enrolled in placebo group, 12 (6%) of 201 patients in the low-dose group, and 17 (8%) of 211 patients in the high-dose group, or diarrhoea, reported by seven (3%) patients in the placebo group, four (2%) patients enrolled in the low-dose group, and 17 (8%) patients in the high-dose group.Interpretation Treatment with nitazoxanide 600 mg twice daily for 5 days was associated with a reduction of the duration of symptoms in participants with acute uncomplicated infl uenza. Further studies are warranted to confi rm these fi ndings and to assess effi cacy of the drug alone or in combination with existing drugs in seriously ill patients and those at risk of infl uenza complications.Funding Romark Laboratories LC.




With concerns for presymptomatic transmission of COVID-19 and increasing burden of contact tracing and employee furloughs, several hospitals have supplemented pre-existing infection prevention measures with universal masking of all personnel in hospitals. Other hospitals are currently faced with the dilemma of whether or not to proceed with universal masking in a time of critical mask shortages. We summarize the rationale behind a universal masking policy in healthcare settings, important considerations before implementing such a policy and the challenges with universal masking. We also discusses proposed solutions such as universal face shields.




The region-specific modulation of COVID-19 dynamics is characterized with a reduced exponential model leveraging available data on sub-intensive and intensive care unit patients made available by all regional councils from the very onset of the disease.This simple model provides a rather good fit of regional patient dynamics, particularly for regions where the affected population was large, highlighting important region-specific patterns of epidemic dynamics.Italy has been one of the countries hardest hit by the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) pandemic. While the overall policy in response to the epidemic was to a large degree centralized, the regional basis of the healthcare system represented an important factor affecting the natural dynamics of the disease induced geographic specificities. Here, we characterize the regionspecific modulation of COVID dynamics with a reduced exponential model leveraging available data on sub-intensive and intensive care unit patients made available by all regional councils from the very onset of the disease. This simple model provides a rather good fit of regional patient dynamics, particularly for regions where the affected population was large, highlighting important region-specific patterns of epidemic dynamics.





The rapidly evolving outbreak of COVID-19 presents challenges for actively monitoring its spread. In this study, we assessed a social media mining approach for automatically analyzing the chronological and geographical distribution of users in the United States reporting personal information related to COVID-19 on Twitter. The results suggest that our natural language processing and machine learning framework could help provide an early indication of the spread of COVID-19.





Objectives: While the Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic looks to persist, institutions promote delaying procedures. Understanding trends and demands of interventional radiology (IR) procedures in the infected and COVID-free populations are needed in long-term planning. We detail IR procedure trends in the first 27 weeks of the pandemic and compare with the pre-pandemic era.In this IRB approved retrospective electronic case review, all IR patients in our institution from 1 January to 9 July 2020, the same period in 2019 pre-pandemic and the Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS-CoV) outbreak were included. IR procedures were classified using Interventional Radiology-Procedure Acuity Scale (IR-PAS) and category of IR procedures. Along with descriptive frequencies, the Mann-Whitney U test and Chi-square test of independence were performed.Results: During the pandemic, 3655 IR procedures were performed compared to 3851 procedures pre-pandemic. No statistically significant difference in weekly IR caseloads across IR-PAS tiers between both periods (p = .088) and category of procedure (p = .054) were noted. General intervention procedures remained the largest proportion and musculoskeletal procedures the minority, in both periods. More general intervention radiology and oncology procedures were performed during the COVID-19 pandemic compared to the SARS-CoV outbreak. Thirty-four (0.93%) IR procedures were performed on 30 COVID-19 patients. There was no IR procedure-related COVID-19 cross-transmission.Demand for IR procedures among COVID-free patients remains high, and IR procedures involving COVID-19 represents a fraction of the IR caseload. A sustainable model in providing timely IR services to COVID-free patients needs to be considered.• The demand for IR procedures for COVID-free patients remains high during this pandemic. • The optimization of healthcare resources and adherence to standard infection control protocols by an IR department can yield similar operational capacity compared to pre-pandemic periods.• Given the potential prolongation of the COVID-19 pandemic and future infectious diseases outbreaks, more sustainable IR procedural guidelines should be considered rather than active postponement of treatments.




Prolonged infection of SARS-CoV-2 represents a challenge to the development of effective public health policies to control the COVID-19 pandemic. The reason why some people have persistent infection and how the virus survives for so long are still not fully understood. For this reason, we aimed to investigate the intra-host evolution of SARS-CoV-2 during persistent infection. Thirty-three patients who remained RT-PCR positive in the nasopharynx for at least 16 days were included in this study. Complete SARS-CoV-2 sequences were obtained for each patient at two time points. Phylogenetic, populational, and computational analysis of viral sequences confirmed persistent infection with evidence for a transmission cluster in health care professionals that shared the same workplace. A high number of missense variants targeting crucial structural and non-structural proteins such as Spike and Helicase was found.Interestingly, longitudinal acquisition of substitutions in Spike protein mapped many SARS-CoV-2 predicted T cell epitopes. Furthermore, the mutational profiles observed were suggestive of RNA editing enzyme activities, indicating innate immune mechanisms of the host cell. Viral quasispecies analysis corroborates persistent infection mainly by increasing richness and nucleotide diversity over time. Altogether, our findings highlight a dynamic and complex landscape of host and pathogen interaction during persistent infection suggesting that the host's innate immunity shapes the increase of intra-host diversity with possible implications for therapeutic strategies and public health decisions during the COVID-19 pandemic.




Many countries and US states have mandatory statues that require reporting of HIV clinical data including genetic sequencing results to the public health departments. Because genetic sequencing is a part of routine care for HIV infected persons, health departments have extensive sequence collections spanning years and even decades of the HIV epidemic. How should these data be used (or not) in public health practice? This is a complex, multi-faceted question that weighs personal risks against public health benefit. The answer is neither straightforward nor universal. However, to make that judgement-of how genetic sequence data should be used in describing and combating the HIV epidemic-we need a clear image of what a phylogenetically enhanced HIV surveillance system can do and what benefit it might provide. In this paper, we present a positive case for how up-to-date analysis of HIV sequence databases managed by health departments can provide unique and actionable information of how HIV is spreading in local communities. We discuss this question broadly, with examples from the US, as it is globally relevant for all health authorities that collect HIV genetic data.





To clarify the prevalence of canine coronavirus (CCoV) infection in Japan, faecal samples from 109 dogs with diarrhoea were examined for CCoV RNA together with canine parvovirus type 2 (CPV-2) DNA. The detection rates of CCoV and CPV-2 for dogs aged less than 1 year were 66.3% and 43.8%, while those for dogs aged 1 year or older were 6.9% and 10.3%, respectively, which were significantly different (p < 0.0001 and p = 0.0003, respectively), indicating not CPV-2 but CCoV is an important diarrhoea-causing organism in juvenile dogs. Among the CCoV-positive dogs, 65.5% and 72.7% showed to be positive for CCoV types I and II, respectively, and simultaneous detection rate of both types was high at 40.0%. Furthermore, transmissible gastroenteritis virus (TGEV)-like CCoV RNA was detected from 8 dogs. These findings indicate that CCoV type I and TGEV-like CCoV are already circulating in Japan, though no reports have been presented to date.




For established domains within highly regulated environments, a systematic approach is needed to scale agile methods and assure compliance with regulatory requirements. The presented approach works adequately in small agile teamsindependently of the underlying method such as Scrum, Kanban, etc.and is scalable to more and bigger teams or even entire subsidiaries. It is based on a compliance and a quality risk dimension respectively. Both dimensions are needed to fit regulatory requirements in our finance example with more than 100 developers in one subsidiary.





Objectives: Approximately 20-30% of patients with COVID-19 require hospitalization, and 5-12% may require critical care in an intensive care unit (ICU). A rapid surge in cases of severe COVID-19 will lead to a corresponding surge in demand for ICU care. Because of constraints on resources, frontline healthcare workers may be unable to provide the frequent monitoring and assessment required for all patients at high risk of clinical deterioration. We developed a machine learning-based risk prioritization tool that predicts ICU transfer within 24 h, seeking to facilitate efficient use of care providers' efforts and help hospitals plan their flow of operations. Methods: A retrospective cohort was comprised of non-ICU COVID-19 admissions at a large acute care health system between 26 February and 18 April 2020. Time series data, including vital signs, nursing assessments, laboratory data, and electrocardiograms, were used as input variables for training a random forest (RF) model. The cohort was randomly split (70:30) into training and test sets. The RF model was trained using 10-fold cross-validation on the training set, and its predictive performance on the test set was then evaluated. Results: The cohort consisted of 1987 unique patients diagnosed with COVID-19 and admitted to non-ICU units of the hospital. The median time to ICU transfer was 2.45 days from the time of admission. Compared to actual admissions, the tool had 72.8% (95% CI: 63.2-81.1%) sensitivity, 76.3% (95% CI: 74.7-77.9%) specificity, 76.2% (95% CI: 74.6-77.7%) accuracy, and 79.9% (95% CI: 75.2-84.6%) area under the receiver operating characteristics curve. Conclusions: A ML-based prediction model can be used as a screening tool to identify patients at risk of imminent ICU transfer within 24 h. This tool could improve the management of hospital resources and patient-throughput planning, thus delivering more effective care to patients hospitalized with COVID-19.




Every choice we make in health professions education has a cost, whether it be financial or otherwise; by choosing one action (e.g., integrating more simulation, studying more for a summative examination) we lose the opportunity to take an alternative action (e.g., freeing up time for other teaching, leisure time). Economics significantly shapes the way we behave and think as educators and learners and so there is increasing interest in using economic ways of thinking and approaches to examine and understand how choices are made, the influence of constraints and boundaries in educational decision making, and how costs are felt. Thus, in this article, we provide a brief historical overview of modern economics, to illustrate how the core concepts of economics-scarcity (and desirability), rationality, and optimization-developed over time. We explain the important concept of bounded rationality, which explains how individual, meso-factors and contextual factors influence decision making. We then consider the opportunities that these concepts afford for health professions education and research. We conclude by proposing that embracing economic thinking opens up new questions and new ways of approaching old questions which can add knowledge about how choice is enacted in contemporary health professions education.




Genetic factors are presumed to influence the incidence of feline infectious peritonitis (FIP), especially among pedigreed cats. However, proof for the existence of such factors has been limited and mainly anecdotal. Therefore, we sought evidence for genetic susceptibility to FIP using feline high density single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) arrays in a genome-wide association study (GWAS). Birman cats were chosen for GWAS because they are highly inbred and suffer a high incidence of FIP. DNA from 38 Birman cats that died of FIP and 161 healthy cats from breeders in Denmark and USA were selected for genotyping using 63K SNPs distributed across the feline genome. Danish and American Birman cats were closely related and the populations were therefore combined and analyzed in two manners: 1) all cases (FIP) vs. all controls (healthy) regardless of age, and 2) cases 1-1/2 years of age and younger (most susceptible) vs. controls 2 years of age and older (most resistant). GWAS of the second cohort was most productive in identifying significant genome-wide associations between case and control cats. Four peaks of association with FIP susceptibility were identified, with two being identified on both analyses. Five candidate genes ELMO1, RRAGA, TNFSF10, ERAP1 and ERAP2, all relevant to what is known about FIP virus pathogenesis, were identified but no single association was fully concordant with the disease phenotype. Difficulties in doing GWAS in cats and interrogating complex genetic traits were discussed.




Reach-to-grasp is an evolutionarily conserved motor function that is adversely impacted following stroke and traumatic brain injury (TBI). Non-invasive brain stimulation (NIBS) methods, such as transcranial magnetic stimulation and transcranial direct current stimulation, are promising tools that could enhance functional recovery of reach-to-grasp post-brain injury. Though the rodent literature provides a causal understanding of post-injury recovery mechanisms, it has had a limited impact on NIBS protocols in human research. The high degree of homology in reach-to-grasp circuitry between humans and rodents further implies that the application of NIBS to brain injury could be better informed by findings from pre-clinical rodent models and neurorehabilitation research. Here, we provide an overview of the advantages and limitations of using rodent models to advance our current understanding of human reach-to-grasp function, cortical circuitry, and reorganization. We propose that a cross-species comparison of reach-to-grasp recovery could provide a mechanistic framework for clinically efficacious NIBS treatments that could elicit better functional outcomes for patients.




Cotton rats are an important animal model to study infectious diseases. They have demonstrated higher susceptibility to a wider variety of human pathogens than other rodents and are also the animal model of choice for pre-clinical evaluations of some vaccine candidates. However, the genome of cotton rats remains to be fully sequenced, with much fewer genes cloned and characterised compared to other rodent species. Here we report the cloning and characterization of CD40 ligand, whose human and murine counterparts are known to be expressed on a range of cell types including activated T cells and B cells, dendritic cells, granulocytes, macrophages and platelets and exerts a broad array of immune responses. The cDNA for cotton rat CD40L we isolated is comprised of 1104 nucleotides with an open reading frame (ORF) of 783bp coding for a 260 amino acid protein. The recombinant cotton rat CD40L protein was recognized by an antibody against mouse CD40L. Moreover, it demonstrated functional activities on immature bone marrow dendritic cells by upregulating surface maturation markers (CD40, CD54, CD80, and CD86), and increasing IL-6 gene and protein expression. The availability of CD40L gene identity could greatly facilitate mechanistic research on pathogen-induced-immunopathogenesis and vaccine-elicited immune responses.




Background: Conflicting recommendations exist related to whether masks have a protective effect on the spread of respiratory viruses.A total of 21 studies met our inclusion criteria. Meta-analyses suggest that mask use provided a significant protective effect (OR=0.35 and 95% CI=0.24-0.51). Use of masks by healthcare workers (HCWs) and non-healthcare workers (Non-HCWs) can reduce the risk of respiratory virus infection by 80% (OR=0.20, 95% CI=0.11-0.37) and 47% (OR=0.53, 95%




Background: Remdesivir is a prodrug of the nucleoside analogue GS-441524 and is under evaluation for treatment of SARS-CoV-2-infected patients.Objectives: To evaluate the pharmacokinetics of remdesivir and GS-441524 in plasma, bronchoalveolar aspirate (BAS) and CSF in two critically ill COVID-19 patients.Methods: Remdesivir was administered at 200 mg loading dose on the first day followed by 12 days of 100 mg in two critically ill patients. Blood samples were collected immediately after (C 0 ) and at 1 (C 1 ) and 24 h (C 24 ) after intravenous administration on day 3 until day 9. BAS samples were collected on Days 4, 7 and 9 from both patients while one CSF on Day 7 was obtained in one patient. Remdesivir and GS-441524 concentrations were measured in these samples using a validated UHPLC-MS/MS method.We observed higher concentrations of remdesivir at C 0 (6-to 7-fold higher than EC 50 from in vitro studies) and a notable decay at C 1 . GS-441524 plasma concentrations reached a peak at C 1 and persisted until the next administration. Higher concentrations of GS-441524 were observed in the patient with mild renal dysfunction. Mean BAS/plasma concentration ratios of GS-441524 were 2.3% and 6.4% in Patient 1 and Patient 2, respectively. The CSF concentration found in Patient 2 was 25.7% with respect to plasma. GS-441524 levels in lung and CNS suggest compartmental differences in drug exposure.We report the first pharmacokinetic evaluation of remdesivir and GS-441524 in recovered COVID-19 patients. Further study of the pharmacokinetic profile of remdesivir, GS-441524 and the intracellular triphosphate form are required.





Factors such as seasonality and spatial connectivity affect the spread of an infectious disease. Accounting for these factors in infectious disease models provides useful information on the times and locations of greatest risk for disease outbreaks. In this investigation, stochastic multi-patch epidemic models are formulated with seasonal and demographic variability. The stochastic models are used to investigate the probability of a disease outbreak when infected individuals are introduced into one or more of the patches. Seasonal variation is included through periodic transmission and dispersal rates. Multi-type branching process approximation and application of the backward Kolmogorov differential equation lead to an estimate for the probability of a disease outbreak. This estimate is also periodic and depends on the time, the location, and the number of initial infected individuals introduced into the patch system as well as the magnitude of the transmission and dispersal rates and the connectivity between patches. Examples are given for seasonal transmission and dispersal in two and three patches.




Although mechanical ventilation is a lifesaving treatment, abundant evidence indicates that its prolonged use (1 week or more) promotes respiratory muscle weakness due to both contractile dysfunction and atrophy. Along with the diaphragm, the intercostal muscles are one of the most important groups of respiratory muscles. In recent years, muscular ultrasound has become a useful bedside tool for the clinician to identify patients with respiratory muscle dysfunction related to critical illness and/or invasive mechanical ventilation. Images obtained over the course of illness can document changes in muscle dimension and can be used to estimate changes in function. Recent evidence suggests the clinical usefulness of ultrasound imaging in the assessment of intercostal muscle function. In this narrative review, we summarize the current literature on ultrasound imaging of the parasternal intercostal muscles as used to assess the extent of muscle activation and muscle weakness and its potential impact during discontinuation of mechanical ventilation. In addition, we proposed a practical flowchart based on recent evidence and experience of our group that can be applied during the weaning phase. This approach integrates multiple predictive parameters of weaning success with respiratory muscle ultrasound.© The Author(s) 2020. This article is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License, which permits use, sharing, adaptation, distribution and reproduction in any medium or format, as long as you give appropriate credit to the original author(s) and the source, provide a link to the Creative Commons licence, and indicate if changes were made. The images or other third party material in this article are included in the article' s Creative Commons licence, unless indicated otherwise in a credit line to the material. If material is not included in the article'




Allotransplantation and xenotransplantation may be associated with the transmission of pathogens from the donor to the recipient. Whereas in the case of allotransplantation the transmitted microorganisms and their pathogenic effect are well characterized, the possible influence of porcine microorganisms on humans is mostly unknown. Porcine circoviruses (PCVs) are common in pig breeds and they belong to porcine microorganisms that still have not been fully addressed in terms of evaluating the potential risk of xenotransplantation using pig cells, tissues, and organs. Two types of PCVs are known: porcine circovirus (PCV) 1 and PCV2. Whereas PCV1 is apathogenic in pigs, PCV2 may induce severe pig diseases. Although most pigs are subclinically infected, we do not know whether this infection impairs pig transplant functionality, particularly because PCV2 is immunosuppressive. In addition, vaccination against PCV2 is able to prevent diseases, but in most cases not transmission of the virus. Therefore, PCV2 has to be eliminated to obtain xenotransplants from uninfected healthy animals. Although there is evidence that PCV2 does not infect-at least immunocompetent-humans, animals should be screened using sensitive methods to ensure virus elimination by selection, Cesarean delivery, vaccination, or embryo transfer.Viruses 2017, 9, 83 2 of 13 microorganisms are not adapted to humans, and it is clear that many of them cannot infect human cells due to the absence of a receptor or due to cellular factors restricting replication in human cells. In contrast to human pathogens, sensitive detection methods for porcine microorganisms were developed only in a few specialized laboratories, and it is unclear whether commercial test laboratories can detect low virus load infections, as shown in one case of PCMV infection [15] . Sending identical virus dilutions to different laboratories worldwide for testing, so called round robin tests, may answer this question. The results of the testing will indicate the sensitivity of their methods. In this context, in a recent round robin or ring test including 11 North American laboratories, the most sensitive assay detected DNA levels of a porcine virus about 100,000 times lower than the least sensitive assay [16] . This study demonstrated that the polymerase chain reaction (PCR) assays available in these diagnostic labs vary considerably in their detection limits and quantification.Even if porcine microorganisms can infect humans and replicate, it is still unclear whether they are pathogenic. For example, hepatitis E virus (HEV) genotype 3 coming from pigs mostly induces diseases in chronically ill and immunosuppressed humans, but not in healthy individuals [17] , although the influence of the subclinical infection on the health of the infected person is still unknown.The porcine circoviruses (PCVs) belong to the genus Circovirus of the family Circoviridae [18]. Porcine circovirus 1 (PCV1) was first described at the Robert Koch Institute, Berlin [19]. Other members of this family are PCV2, several avian circoviruses [18], and recently new circoviruses have been isolated from mammals: bat [20,21], dogs [22-25], mink [26, 27] , and others. Circoviruses are non-enveloped spherical (16-18 nm) particles ( Figure 1 ) with a single-stranded and circular small DNA genome. PCVs are the smallest viruses found to be replicating in mammalian cells. PCVs are quite stable, the effectiveness of disinfectants for reducing PCV2 in vitro is variable and PCV2 is very stable in the pig environment. The virus is very resistant under high temperatures and a wide range of pH conditions (for review see [28] ). Two major open reading frames (orfs) have been recognized. Orf1 encodes the two replicases indispensable for viral replication (Rep and Rep'), and orf 2 encodes the capsid protein Cap, which is the major structural protein [29] . Three other genes, orf 3, orf 4, and orf 5 encode proteins not essential for virus replication, but involved in the virulence and spread of the virus [30, 31] . Cells of the monocyte and macrophage lineage have consistently been shown to be targets for porcine circovirus replication in vivo, and appear to be important in the pathogenesis of the postweaning multisystemic wasting syndrome (PMWS) [32] [33] [34] . Additionally, a variety of other cell types, including hepatocytes, enterocytes, renal and alveolar epithelial cells, vascular endothelial cells, pancreatic acinar and ductular cells, lymphocytes, smooth muscle cells, and fibroblasts, have also been shown to contain PCV2 antigens and/or nucleic acid [35] . It was shown that heparin, heparan sulphate, and chondroitin sulphate are attachment factors for PCV2 [36] , whereas the main receptor is still unknown [37] .






COVID-19 is now in an epidemic phase, with a second outbreak likely to appear 14 at any time. The intensity and timing of a second outbreak is a common concern 15 worldwide. In this study, we made scenario projections of the potential second outbreak 16 of COVID-19 using a statistical-epidemiology model, which considers both the impact 17 of seasonal changes in meteorological elements and human social behaviors such as 18 protests and city unblocking. Recent street protests in the United States and other 19 countries are identified as a hidden trigger and amplifier of the second outbreak. The 20 scale and intensity of subsequent COVID-19 outbreaks in the U.S. cities where the 21 epidemic is under initial control are projected to be much greater than those of the first 22




Interferon-inducible transmembrane (IFITM) proteins restrict the entry processes of several pathogenic viruses, including the flaviviruses West Nile virus and dengue virus (DENV). DENV infects cells directly or via antibody-dependent enhancement (ADE) in Fc-receptor-bearing cells, a process thought to contribute to severe disease in a secondary infection. Here we investigated whether ADE-mediated DENV infection bypasses IFITM-mediated restriction or whether IFITM proteins can be protective in a secondary infection. We observed that IFITM proteins restricted ADE-mediated and direct infection with comparable efficiencies in a myelogenous leukemia cell line. Our data suggest that IFITM proteins can contribute to control of secondary DENV infections.




Social distancing, a non-pharmaceutical tactic aimed at reducing the spread of COVID-19, can arise because individuals voluntarily distance from others to avoid contracting the disease. Alternatively, it can arise because of jurisdictional restrictions imposed by local authorities. We run reduced form models of social distancing as a function of county-level exogenous demographic variables and jurisdictional fixed effects for 49 states to assess the relative contributions of demographic and jurisdictional effects in explaining social distancing behavior. To allow for possible spatial aspects of a contagious disease, we also model the spillovers associated with demographic variables in surrounding counties as well as allow for disturbances that depend upon those in surrounding counties. We run our models weekly and examine the evolution of the estimated coefficients over time since the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic in the United States. These estimated coefficients express the revealed preferences of individuals who were able to and chose to stay at home to avoid the disease. Stay-at-home behavior measured using cell phone tracking data exhibits considerable cross-sectional variation, increasing over nine-fold from the end of January 2020 to the end of March 2020, and then decreasing by about 50% through mid-June 2020. Our estimation results show that demographic exogenous variables explain substantially more of this variation than predictions from jurisdictional fixed effects. Moreover, the explanations from demographic exogenous variables and jurisdictional fixed effects show an evolving correlation over the sample period, initially partially offsetting, and eventually reinforcing each other. Furthermore, the predicted social distance from demographic exogenous variables shows substantial spatial autoregressive dependence, indicating clustering in social distancing behavior. The increased variance of stay-at-home behavior coupled with the high level of spatial dependence can result in relatively intense hotspots and coldspots of social distance, which has implications for disease spread and mitigation.PLOS ONE | https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.




Purpose of Review This article summarizes the utility and evidence supporting the use of ultrasound exams in the intensive care unit. Recent Findings Point-of-care ultrasonography (POCUS) is widely used by intensivists managing critically ill patients whereby they can accurately and rapidly assess for many pathologies such as pneumothorax, pulmonary edema, hydronephrosis, hemoperitoneum, and deep vein thrombosis among others. Basic and advanced critical care echocardiography, including transesophageal echocardiography, are routinely performed to determine the etiology of hemodynamic instability in undifferentiated shock and to guide subsequent therapy. The use of POCUS in the assessment of volume status is controversial with studies demonstrating that respiratory variation of the IVC is not reliable and with analysis of aortic blood flow velocity after passive leg raising maneuvers being the most promising. Summary Point-of-care ultrasonography allows frontline clinicians to make real-time diagnoses and treatment decisions. This article will provide the reader with a broad overview of this important topic.




Background: Cases of novel coronavirus disease 2019 were first reported in Wuhan, China, in December 2019. In this report, we describe 3 clusters of COVID-19 infections among healthcare workers (HCWs), not associated with patient exposure, and the interventions undertaken to halt ongoing exposure and transmission at our cancer center.Methods: A cluster of cases was defined as 2 or more cases of severe acute respiratory coronavirus virus 2 (SARS-CoV-2)-positive COVID-19 among HCWs who work in the same unit area at the same time. Cases were identified by real-time reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction testing. Contact tracing, facility observations, and infection prevention assessments were performed to investigate the 3 clusters between March 1 and April 30, 2020, with subsequent implementation of containment strategies.Results: The initial cluster involved HCWs from an ancillary services unit, with contacts traced back to a gathering in a break room in which 1 employee was symptomatic, although not yet diagnosed with COVID-19, with subsequent transmission to 7 employees. The second cluster involved 4 employees and was community related. The third cluster involved only 2 employees with possible transmission while working in the same office at the same time. A step-up approach was implemented to control the spread of infection among employees, including universal masking, enhanced cleaning, increase awareness, and surveillance testing. No nosocomial transmission to patients transpired.Conclusions: To our knowledge, this is the first report of a hospital-based cluster of COVID-19 infections among HCWs in a cancer hospital describing our steps to mitigate further transmission.




1 KLINISCHE PR AKTIJK P ijn in de borst bij al dan niet siliconen borstimplantaten is een goede voorspeller voor een implantaatruptuur, maar de afwezigheid van pijn sluit een ruptuur niet uit. 1 Het klinisch onderzoek is bij de meeste patiënten niet betrouwbaar. 1 Siliconenborstprothesen zijn met verschillende beeldvormende onderzoeken te evalueren, zoals mammografie, echografie, CT en MRI. 2-4 MRI-onderzoek met een speciaal voor siliconenmateriaalgevoelige data-acquisitietechniek (siliconensequentie) heeft de hoogste sensitiviteit en specificiteit. 2,5 Gelet op de toenemende kosten in de gezondheidszorg moet worden afgevraagd of iedere patiënt die zich tot de huisarts of tweede lijn wendt met de vraag of de siliconenprothesen intact zijn, primair in aanmerking moet komen voor een MRI-onderzoek. Aan de hand van 2 casussen willen wij in deze klinische les meer informatie geven over de diagnostische mogelijkheden en de aanvullende waarde daarvan bij onderzoek naar de integriteit van siliconenborstprothesen in situ.Patiënt A, een vrouw van 41 jaar, meldt zich op de polikliniek Plastische Chirurgie vanwege ongerustheid over haar PIP-prothesen. Deze werden 13 jaar geleden achter de M. pectorales ingebracht wegens een geringe borstomvang. Zij heeft nu geen klachten en bij lichamelijk onderzoek worden er geen afwijkingen gevonden. Aanvullend MRI-onderzoek toont links een intacte siliconenborstprothese en rechts een intra-en extracapsulaire protheseruptuur met siliconenstapeling in de lymfeklieren. Gezien de bevindingen bij het MRI-onderzoek is er een indicatie voor operatie en deze MRI-bevindingen worden peroperatief bevestigd. Patiënt B, een 67-jarige vrouw, wordt via het bevolkingsonderzoek verwezen vanwege een afwijking in haar rechter borst van 'Breast imaging reporting and data system'(BI-RADS)-categorie 4 (wat betekent dat de afwijking DAmes en Heren, De afgelopen tijd is er veel debat geweest over de borstimplantaten van het Franse merk Poly Implant Prothèse (PIP). Deze implantaten hebben een hogere kans op scheuren van de siliconenenveloppe en daardoor op lekkage van siliconen. Patiënten met siliconenborstprothesen zijn ongerust geworden, waardoor frequent lichamelijk en beeldvormend onderzoek wordt verricht om te zien of de borstprothesen nog intact zijn. Welk beeldvormend onderzoek is er en welke patiënten komen hiervoor in aanmerking? Jeroen Bosch Ziekenhuis, 's-Hertogenbosch. Afd. Radiologie: drs. M.P.M. Gielens, aios radiologie; dr. M.J.C.M. Rutten, radioloog. Afd. Plastisch chirurgie: drs. P.G.L. Koolen, anios plastische chirurgie; drs. R.A.E.C. Hermens, plastisch chirurg. Contactpersoon: drs. M.P.M. Gielens (m.gielens@jbz.nl).




dengue cases during the outbreak in 2010. With over 150 million Brazilians depending exclusively on the SUS, this situation can become absolutely critical. COVID-19 alone has a great potential to overwhelm the health system. If it was accompanied by dengue fever, this burden would be even greater.Brazil is making every effort to keep the number of COVID-19 cases from rising. However, a proportion of patients have been not diagnosed due to the insufficiency of specific tests. According to recent studies, many infected cases were not documented, thereby accelerating the spread of SARS-CoV-2 [6].Therefore, to contain the epidemic, large investments in research are required to gain an insight into the epidemiology, transmission, and incubation period of COVID-19, and develop tests, vaccines, and medicines. In response to COVID-19, the Brazilian Government has declared a state of emergency, allowing cities to take extraordinary measures. For example, based on the Annual Budget Law, more than R$ 5 billion will be dedicated to combating the outbreak of COVID-19. Intensified surveillance, resources, and viral identification assays should be urgently prioritized to detect COVID-19 cases and to limit transmission. A combination of these measures may help to increase reporting of these cases, thus slowing down the spread of the COVID-19 outbreak.Ethics approval and consent to participate: The ethical approval or individual consent was not applicable.




Background: The discovery of many fragments of viral genomes integrated in the genome of their eukaryotic host (endogenous viral elements; EVEs) has recently opened new avenues to further our understanding of viral evolution and of host-virus interactions. Here, we report the results of a comprehensive screen for EVEs in crustaceans. Following up on the recent discovery of EVEs in the terrestrial isopod, Armadillidium vulgare, we scanned the genomes of six crustacean species: a terrestrial isopod (Armadillidium nasatum), two water fleas (Daphnia pulex and D. pulicaria), two copepods (the salmon louse, Lepeophtheirus salmonis and Eurytemora affinis), and a freshwater amphipod (Hyalella azteca). Results: In total, we found 210 EVEs representing 14 different lineages belonging to five different viral groups that are present in two to five species: Bunyaviridae (−ssRNA), Circoviridae (ssDNA), Mononegavirales (−ssRNA), Parvoviridae (ssDNA) and Totiviridae (dsRNA). The identification of shared orthologous insertions between A. nasatum and A. vulgare indicates that EVEs have been maintained over several millions of years, although we did not find any evidence supporting exaptation. Overall, the different degrees of EVE degradation (from none to >10 nonsense mutations) suggest that endogenization has been recurrent during the evolution of the various crustacean taxa. Our study is the first to report EVEs in D. pulicaria, E. affinis and H. azteca, many of which are likely to result from recent endogenization of currently circulating viruses. Conclusions: In conclusion, we have unearthed a large diversity of EVEs from crustacean genomes, and shown that four of the five viral groups we uncovered (Bunyaviridae, Circoviridae, Mononegavirales, Parvoviridae) were and may still be present in three to four highly divergent crustacean taxa. In addition, the discovery of recent EVEs offers an interesting opportunity to characterize new exogenous viruses currently circulating in economically or ecologically important copepod species.




To reduce the spread of COVID-19




Objective: Retrospectively analyze the clinical data of Corona Virus Disease 2019 (COVID-19) patients and explore the value of serum phosphorus level in evaluating the severity and prognosis of the disease. Methods: COVID-19 patients transferred from the first emergency ward of Taiyuan fourth people's Hospital from February 8 to March 3, 2020 were enrolled. The information of general conditions, clinical manifestations, laboratory indexes, nucleic acid detection and treatment were collected. The changes of blood phosphorus level and absolute value of lymphocytes in ordinary and severe/critical patients were recorded and compared.Results: A total of 32 patients with COVID-19 were collected, including 12 cases of common type and 20 cases of severe/critical type. Before treatment, the serum phosphorus levels of the two groups were significantly lower than the normal level, and the serum phosphorus levels of the severe/critical patients were lower than those of the common type patients (t = 2.767, P < 0.010). After treatment, the serum phosphorus levels of the two groups reached normal, and there was no significant difference between the two groups (t = 0.231, P > 0.819). The level of lymphocytes in severe/critical patients was lower than that in normal patients (t = 4.636, P < 0.001) before treatment. After treatment, the absolute value of lymphocytes in the two groups reached normal, and there was no significant difference between the two groups (t=1.208，P=0.237). There was a positive correlation between lymphocytes and serum phosphorus, and the correlation coefficient was 0.479.Conclusion: hypophosphatemia is related to the severity of COVID-19, and strengthening the monitoring of serum phosphorus level of COVID-19's severe/critical patients and correcting hypophosphatemia in time are of significance to improve the prognosis.




Limited data exist on severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) during pregnancy, outcomes of infected pregnant patients and vertical or perinatal transmission of infection. 1 However, the potential for preterm birth and other adverse pregnancy outcomes is recognized. 2 It is unclear if risk factors for severe coronavirus disease 2019 , the infection caused by SARS-CoV-2, such as diabetes, obesity and hypertension, 3 exacerbated illness in pregnant women, increasing the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes. We report the perinatal course of a preterm neonate with SARS-CoV-2 infection.A male infant was born at 33 weeks of gestational age to a 38-year-old female with SARS-CoV-2 infection who presented to the hospital with a 3-day history of dyspnea and malaise. Maternal medical history included obesity, poorly controlled type 2 diabetes, asthma, and hypertension. Laboratory results are represented in ►Table 1 and RT-PCR on a nasopharyngeal swab was positive for SARS-CoV-2 at admission. She was admitted to the ICU and started on hydroxychloroquine, ceftriaxone, azithromycin, heparin for DVT prophylaxis, and methylprednisolone. The next day her condition worsened, she developed diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA), necessitating an insulin infusion. Progressive hypoxic respiratory failure led to intubation and mechanical ventilation. Over the course of the next 2 days, her DKA resolved, she received a convalescent plasma transfusion, and completed a course of betamethasone for fetal lung maturity. Remdesivir was added to her medication regimen on her day 4 of admission. Shortly after, her membranes ruptured and the bedside fetal monitoring showed fetal distress and tachycardia. The mother was transferred to the operating room for a cesarean section, while on mechanical ventilatory support requiring 50% oxygen.► severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 in preterm ► vertical transmission ► coronavirus disease 2019 ► antibody responseWith the global spread of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) infection, several reports highlight its effects on pregnant women. Based on scant available data, vertical transmission is considered unlikely. We present here a preterm neonate born to a critically ill mother with SARV-CoV-2 with early evidence of infection with a positive reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction on day 1. Lack of parental contact prior to testing and strict adherence to recommended airborne precautions perinatally suggest vertical transmission of infection. Critical maternal illness and medications may have contributed to the need for extensive resuscitation at birth and highlight the importance of close fetal monitoring. Infant lacked immunoglobulin G antibody response by 3 weeks, presumably secondary to mild clinical course and prematurity. Effects of SARS-CoV-2 in preterm infants, their antibody response and potential for asymptomatic carriage remain uncertain.Ã Authors contributed equally to this study.




J o u r n a l P r e -p r o o f J o u r n a l P r e -p r o o f





The interactions between antibodies, SARS-CoV-2 and immune cells contribute to the pathogenesis of COVID-19 and protective immunity. To understand the differences between antibody responses in mild versus severe cases of COVID-19, we analyzed the B cell responses in patients 1.5 months post SARS-CoV-2 infection. Severe and not mild infection correlated with high titers of IgG against Spike receptor binding domain (RBD) that were capable of viral inhibition. B cell receptor (BCR) sequencing revealed two VH genes, VH3-38 and VH3-53, that were enriched during severe infection. Of the 22 antibodies cloned from two severe donors, six exhibited potent neutralization against live SARS-CoV-2, and inhibited syncytia formation. Using peptide libraries, competition ELISA and RBD mutagenesis, we mapped the epitopes of the neutralizing antibodies (nAbs) to three different sites on the Spike. Finally, we used combinations of nAbs targeting different immune-sites to efficiently block SARS-CoV-2 infection. Analysis of 49 healthy BCR repertoires revealed that the nAbs germline VHJH precursors comprise up to 2.7% of all VHJHs. We demonstrate that severe COVID-19 is associated with unique BCR signatures and multi-clonal neutralizing responses that are relatively frequent in the population. Moreover, our data support the use of combination antibody therapy to prevent and treat COVID-19.




BACKGROUND: Engagement and education of ICU clinicians in disaster preparedness is fragmented by time constraints and institutional barriers and frequently occurs during a disaster . We reviewed the existing literature from 2007 to April 2013 and expert opinions about clinician engagement and education for critical care during a pandemic or disaster and off er suggestions for integrating ICU clinicians into planning and response. Th e suggestions in this article are important for all of those involved in a pandemic or large-scale disaster with multiple critically ill or injured patients, including front-line clinicians, hospital administrators, and public health or government offi cials.A systematic literature review was performed and suggestions formulated according to the American College of Chest Physicians (CHEST) Consensus Statement development methodology. We assessed articles, documents, reports, and gray literature reported since 2007. Following expert-informed sorting and review of the literature, key priority areas and questions were developed. No studies of suffi cient quality were identifi ed upon which to make evidence-based recommendations. Th erefore, the panel developed expert opinion-based suggestions using a modifi ed Delphi process. RESULTS: Twenty-three suggestions were formulated based on literature-informed consensus opinion. Th ese suggestions are grouped according to the following thematic elements: (1) situational awareness, (2) clinician roles and responsibilities, (3) education, and (4) community engagement. Together, these four elements are considered to form the basis for eff ective ICU clinician engagement for mass critical care. CONCLUSIONS: Th e optimal engagement of the ICU clinical team in caring for large numbers of critically ill patients due to a pandemic or disaster will require a departure from the routine independent systems operating in hospitals. An eff ective response will require robust information systems; coordination among clinicians, hospitals, and governmental organizations; pre-event engagement of relevant stakeholders; and standardized core competencies for the education and training of critical care clinicians. CHEST 2014; 146 ( 4_Suppl ): e118S -e133S ABBREVIATIONS : MCC 5 mass critical care 1. We suggest integrated communication systems and a robust infrastructure of the electronic health record system to facilitate tracking the number of people aff ected by a mass event, including the types and severity of injuries and detection of secondary illnesses.2. We suggest, when power is intact, virtual ICUs, point-of-care testing, portable monitoring systems with Global Positioning System, and telemedicine facilitate transfer and sharing of clinical information. Such technologies need to be established and used prior to mass critical care delivery in order to provide familiarity to the users.4. We suggest public health/government offi cials at centralized or regional emergency management coordinating centers use expert medical guidance, such as burn, neuro, or trauma critical care, specifi c to the nature of the incident to inform decision-making for mass critical care delivery. 5. We suggest every ICU clinician participate in disaster response training and education . 6. We suggest expectations regarding clinician response to pandemics or disasters be delineated in contractual agreements, medical staff bylaws, or other formal documents that govern the array of responsibilities to the health-care system. 7. We suggest hospitals employ and/or train ICU physicians in disaster preparedness and response. 8. We suggest hospitals ensure appropriate ICU leadership with knowledge and expertise in the management of surge capacity, disaster response, and ICU evacuation. 9. We suggest critical care leaders be invited to participate in health-care coalitions so they can facilitate sharing expertise, resources, and knowledge between ICUs in the event of a regional disaster. 10. We suggest incorporation of disaster medicine into critical care training curricula will facilitate future ICU clinician training and engagement in disaster preparedness and response activities. 11. We suggest expert opinions be considered in mass critical care education curricula. 12. We suggest an independent panel of multidisciplinary specialty society experts determine the core competencies for mass critical care education curriculum.13. We suggest translating competencies into multidisciplinary learning modules become a core focus of academic, professional organizations, governmental, and nongovernmental organizations whose students and responsible agencies may be called upon to provide mass critical care. 14. We suggest standing committees in education, or a reasonable equivalent in relevant stakeholder groups, review and endorse the curriculum and competencies.15. We suggest educational activities draw on all modern modalities of education (including access via web-based learning, simulation, or other modalities for remote learners) and include incremental (individual, organizational, community), realistic, and challenging training opportunities. . COI grids refl ecting the confl icts of interest that were current as of the date of the conference and voting are posted in the online supplementary materials. DISCLAIMER: American College of Chest Physicians guidelines and consensus statements are intended for general information only, are not medical advice, and do not replace professional care and physician advice, which always should be sought for any medical condition. Th e complete disclaimer for this consensus statement can be accessed at http :// dx.doi.




Depression is one of the most common mental disorders, profoundly impacting an individual's performance and quality of life. Due to their unique working conditions, nursing is counted among the occupational groups at high risk for developing depression. Because of the shortage of nursing resources in China, Chinese nurses suffer from heavy daily workloads more than those in many other countries. Therefore, this study aimed to evaluate the overall prevalence of depressive symptoms and analyse the potential risk factors of depressive symptoms in Chinese nurses.A systematic literature search in PubMed, EMBASE, Web of Science, the Chinese BioMedical Literature Database (CBM), the China National Knowledge Infrastructure (CNKI), and the Weipu and Wanfang databases up to Dec 31st, 2019 was performed regarding the prevalence of depressive symptoms in Chinese nurses. Eligibility assessment and data extraction were performed independently by 2 researchers, and meta-analysis was used to synthesize the data. Heterogeneity was evaluated using Cochran's Q test and quantified using the I 2 statistic. To explore the potential source of heterogeneity, subgroup analyses were also performed. In addition, both funnel plot and Egger's tests were adopted to assess publication bias.A total of 102 studies published from 1996 to 2019 covering 22 provinces were included for further analysis. The total number of participants was 52,592, with a range of 46 to 7205 per study. The overall prevalence of depressive symptoms in Chinese nurses was 43.83% (95% CI: 40.26%-47.42%), and 31.12% (95%CI: 27.30%-35.07%) were classified as mild degrees of depressive symptoms. The prevalence of depressive symptoms may be significantly affected by region, province or municipality and department marital status. Moreover, an increasing trend in the prevalence of depressive symptoms was observed in recent years. Guan L (2020) Prevalence of depressive symptoms among nurses in China: A systematic review and meta-analysis. PLoS ONE 15(7): e0235448. https://




Background: Emergence of insecticide resistance in malaria vectors is a real threat to future goals of elimination and control of malaria. Therefore, the objective of this study was to assess research trend on insecticide resistance of Anopheles mosquito. In specific, number of publications, countries, institutions, and authors' research profile, citation analysis, international collaborations, and impact of journals publishing documents on insecticide resistance will be presented. It was conducted via Scopus search engine which was used to retrieve relevant data. Keywords used were based on literature available on this topic. The duration of study was set from 1996-2015.Results: A total of 616 documents, mainly as original research articles (n = 569; 92.37%) were retrieved. The average number of citations per article was 26.36. Poisson log-linear regression analysis indicated that there was a 6.00% increase in the number of publications for each extra article on pyrethroid resistance. A total of 82 different countries and 1922 authors participated in publishing retrieved articles. The United Kingdom (UK) ranked first in number of publications followed by the United States of America (USA) and France. The top ten productive countries included seven African countries. The UK had collaborations mostly with Benin (relative link strength = 46). A total of 1817 institution/ organizations participated in the publication of retrieved articles. The most active institution/ organization was Liverpool School of Tropical Medicine. Retrieved articles were published in 134 different scientific peer reviewed journals. The journal that published most on this topic was Malaria Journal (n = 101; 16.4%). Four of the top active authors were from South Africa and two were from the UK. Three of the top ten cited articles were published in Insect Molecular Biology journal. Six articles were about pyrethroid resistance and at least two were about DDT resistance. Conclusion: Publications on insecticide resistance in malaria vector has gained momentum in the past decade. International collaborations enhanced the knowledge about the situation of vector resistance in countries with endemic malaria. Molecular biology of insecticide resistance is the key issue in understanding and overcoming this emerging problems.




Biomolecular mass spectrometry has matured strongly over the past decades and has now reached a stage where it can provide deep insights into the structure and composition of large cellular assemblies. Here, we describe a three-tiered hybrid mass spectrometry approach that enables the dissection of macromolecular complexes in order to complement structural studies. To demonstrate the capabilities of the approach, we investigate ribosomes, large ribonucleoprotein particles consisting of a multitude of protein and RNA subunits. We identify sites of sequence processing, protein post-translational modifications, and the assembly and stoichiometry of individual ribosomal proteins in four distinct ribosomal particles of bacterial, plant and human origin. Amongst others, we report extensive cysteine methylation in the zinc finger domain of the human S27 protein, the heptameric stoichiometry of the chloroplastic stalk complex, the heterogeneous composition of human 40S ribosomal subunits and their association to the CrPV, and HCV internal ribosome entry site RNAs.




Post-synaptic density-95, disks-large and zonula occludens-1 (PDZ) domains are small globular proteineprotein interaction domains widely conserved from yeast to humans. They are composed of w90 amino acids and form a classical two a-helical/six b-strand structure. The prototypical ligand is the C-terminus of partner proteins; however, they also bind internal peptide sequences. Recent findings indicate that PDZ domains also bind phosphatidylinositides and cholesterol. Through their ligand interactions, PDZ domain proteins are critical for cellular trafficking and the surface retention of various ion channels. In addition, PDZ proteins are essential for neuronal signaling, memory, and learning. PDZ proteins also contribute to cytoskeletal dynamics by mediating interactions critical for maintaining cellecell junctions, cell polarity, and cell migration. Given their important biological roles, it is not surprising that their dysfunction can lead to multiple disease states. As such, PDZ domainecontaining proteins have emerged as potential targets for the development of small molecular inhibitors as therapeutic agents. Recent data suggest that the critical binding function of PDZ domains in cell signaling is more than just glue, and their binding function can be regulated by phosphorylation or allosterically by other binding partners. These studies also provide a wealth of structural and biophysical data that are beginning to reveal the physical features that endow this small modular domain with a central role in cell signaling.





Background: Granulomatous-lymphocytic interstitial lung disease (GLILD) is a rare, potentially severe pulmonary complication of common variable immunodeficiency disorders (CVID). Informative clinical trials and consensus on management are lacking.Aims: The European GLILD network (e-GLILDnet) aims to describe how GLILD is currently managed in clinical practice and to determine the main uncertainties and unmet needs regarding diagnosis, treatment and follow-up.Methods: The e-GLILDnet collaborators developed and conducted an online survey facilitated by the European Society for Immunodeficiencies (ESID) and the European Respiratory Society (ERS) between February-April 2020. Results were analyzed using SPSS.Results: One hundred and sixty-one responses from adult and pediatric pulmonologists and immunologists from 47 countries were analyzed. Respondents treated a median of 27 (interquartile range, IQR 82-maximum 500) CVID patients, of which a median of 5 (IQR 8max 200) had GLILD. Most respondents experienced difficulties in establishing the diagnosis of GLILD and only 31 (19%) had access to a standardized protocol. There was little uniformity in diagnostic or therapeutic interventions. Fewer than 40% of respondents saw a definite need for biopsy in all cases or performed bronchoalveolar lavage for diagnostics. Sixty-six percent used glucocorticosteroids for remission-induction and 47% for maintenance therapy; azathioprine, rituximab and mycophenolate mofetil were the most frequently prescribed steroid-sparing agents. Pulmonary function tests were the preferred modality for monitoring patients during follow-up.Conclusions: These data demonstrate an urgent need for clinical studies to provide more evidence for an international consensus regarding management of GLILD. These studies will need to address optimal procedures for definite diagnosis and a better understanding of the pathogenesis of GLILD in order to provide individualized treatment options. Nonavailability of well-established standardized protocols risks endangering patients.




Objective: Acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) is an important cause of morbidity and mortality in intensive care units. Tuberculosis (TB) commonly causes respiratory failure in patients with extensive pulmonary parenchymal involvement, but it is a rare cause of ARDS. We report our experience of TB presenting with ARDS. Methods: Retrospective analysis of 187 patients admitted with a diagnosis of ARDS over the previous 7 years. Data are presented in a descriptive fashion using mean€SD or median (range).





-The COVID-19 crisis has uncovered critical shortages of medical supplies. -Halyard H600 respirator masks have been proposed as N95 alternatives.-Halyard H600 does not meet N95 standards.The use of surgical sterilization wrap for respirator masks during the COVID-19 crisis has become a popularized personal protective equipment alternative option due to claims supporting its ability to meet N95 standards. This study sought to assess these claims using standardized filter testing. The tested material failed to meet N95 standards and suggests its use may place medical personnel at increased risk of harm when managing COVID-19 patients.




So far, the COVID-19 pandemic has been characterised by an initial rapid rise in new cases followed by a peak and a more erratic behaviour that varies between regions. This is not easy to reproduce with traditional SIR models, which predict a more symmetric epidemic. Here, we argue that superspreaders and population heterogeneity are the core factors explaining this discrepancy. We do so through an agent-based lattice model of a disease spreading in a heterogeneous population. We predict that an epidemic driven by superspreaders will spread rapidly in cities, but not in the countryside where the sparse population limits the maximal number of secondary infections. This suggests that mitigation strategies should include restrictions on venues where people meet a large number of strangers. Furthermore, mitigating the epidemic in cities and in the countryside may require different levels of restrictions.. CC-BY 4.0 International license It is made available under a is the author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. (which was not certified by peer review)




A precise HPLC-DAD-based quantification together with the metabolomics statistical method was developed to distinguish and control the quality of Fallopia multiflora, a popular medicinal material in Vietnam. Multivariate statistical methods such as hierarchical clustering analysis and principal component analysis were utilized to compare and discriminate six natural and twelve commercial samples. 2,3,4′,5-Tetrahydroxystilbene 2-O-β-D-glucopyranoside (THSG) (1), emodin (4), and the new compound 6hydroxymusizin 8-O-α-D-apiofuranosyl-(1⟶6)-β-D-glucopyranoside (5) could be considered as important markers for classification of F. multiflora. Furthermore, seven phenolics were quantified that the variation in the contents of selected metabolites revealed the differences in the quality of natural and commercial samples. Recovery of the compounds from the analytes was more than 98%, while the limits of detection (LOD) and the limits of quantitation (LOQ) ranged from 0.5 to 6.6 μg/ml and 1.5 to 19.8 μg/ml, respectively. e linearity, LOD, LOQ, precision, and accuracy satisfied the criteria FDA guidance on bioanalytical methods. Overall, this method is a promising tool for discrimination and quality assurance of F. multiflora products.




Background: Hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection is a major health concern with more than two billion individuals currently infected worldwide. Because of the limited effectiveness of existing vaccines and drugs, development of novel antiviral strategies is urgently needed. Heat stress cognate 70 (Hsc70) is an ATP-binding protein of the heat stress protein 70 family. Hsc70 has been found to be required for HBV DNA replication. Here we report, for the first time, that combined siRNAs targeting viral gene and siHsc70 are highly effective in suppressing ongoing HBV expression and replication. Methods: We constructed two plasmids (S1 and S2) expressing short hairpin RNAs (shRNAs) targeting surface open reading frame of HBV(HBVS) and one plasmid expressing shRNA targeting Hsc70 (siHsc70), and we used the EGFP-specific siRNA plasmid (siEGFP) as we had previously described. First, we evaluated the gene-silencing efficacy of both shRNAs using an enhanced green fluorescent protein (EGFP) reporter system and flow cytometry in HEK293 and T98G cells. Then, the antiviral potencies of HBV-specific siRNA (siHBV) in combination with siHsc70 in HepG2.2.15 cells were investigated. Moreover, type I IFN and TNF-α induction were measured by quantitative real-time PCR and ELISA.Results: Cotransfection of either S1 or S2 with an EGFP plasmid produced an 80%-90% reduction in EGFP signal relative to the control. This combinational RNAi effectively and specifically inhibited HBV protein, mRNA and HBV DNA, resulting in up to a 3.36 log 10 reduction in HBV load in the HepG2.2.15 cell culture supernatants. The combined siRNAs were more potent than siHBV or siHsc70 used separately, and this approach can enhance potency in suppressing ongoing viral gene expression and replication in HepG2.2.15 cells while forestalling escape by mutant HBV. The antiviral synergy of siHBV used in combination with siHsc70 produced no cytotoxicity and induced no production of IFN-α, IFN-β and TNF-α in transfected cells.Conclusions: Our combinational RNAi was sequence-specific, effective against wild-type and mutant drug-resistant HBV strains, without triggering interferon response or producing any side effects. These findings indicate that combinational RNAi has tremendous promise for developing innovative therapy against viral infection.




Objectives The outbreak of the 2019 novel coronaviruses disease (COVID-2019) in areas with epidemics due to imported cases is a cause of concern in China; however, few studies have reported on the prevalence of COVID-19 in these areas. Methods The number of diagnosed cases in Fujian Province was collected, and the time distribution of these cases was analyzed.Results The results showed that the COVID-19 prevalence in areas with epidemics due to imported cases could be divided into two stages. The first stage was an outbreak dominated by imported cases, with the data showing an obviously skewed distribution. The second stage was dominated by nonimported cases with sporadic and low-level fluctuations. Moreover, the data demonstrated that the ratio of unexplained infections to nonimported cases was increasing. Conclusions A two-stage outbreak in areas with epidemics due to imported cases, effective control of the ''source of infection'' and blocking of the transmission route can significantly minimize the peak height in the first stage and the spread of the epidemic in the second stage. Control of the epidemic in the second stage requires prevention and control of the aggregation of cases caused by unexplained infections.




Knowledge of infectious diseases now emerging from genomic, proteomic, epidemiological and clinical data can provide insights into the mechanisms of immune function, disease pathogenesis and epidemiology. Here, we describe how considerable advances in computational methods of data mining, mathematical modeling in epidemiology and simulation have been used to enhance our understanding of infectious agents and discuss their impact on the discovery of new therapeutics and controlling their spread.




Background: Seasonal influenza vaccination routinely has been recommended for healthcare personnel (HCP) since 1984. The influenza A (H1N1) 2009 monovalent vaccine (H1N1 vaccine) became available in the U.S. in October 2009. Purpose: To assess 2009 H1N1 and seasonal influenza vaccination coverage and identify factors independently associated with vaccination among HCP in the U.S. Methods: Data from the 2009 -2010 Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System (BRFSS) influenza supplemental survey were analyzed in 2011. Multivariable logistic regression and predictive marginal models were performed to identify factors independently associated with vaccination among HCP. The Kaplan-Meier survival analysis procedure was used to estimate the cumulative proportion of people vaccinated.Results: Among 16,975 HCP surveyed, 2009 H1N1, seasonal, and any-dose vaccination coverage were 34.1% (95% CIϭ32.7%, 35.5%); 52.4% (95% CIϭ50.9%, 53.9%); and 58.0% (95% CIϭ56.5%, 59.5%), respectively, all of which were signifıcantly higher than those for non-HCP (19.1%, 34.9%, and 40.3%, respectively). The H1N1 vaccination coverage among HCP ranged from 18.4% in Mississippi to 56.1% in Massachusetts and seasonal influenza vaccination coverage ranged from 40.4% in Florida to 73.1% in Nebraska. Characteristics independently associated with an increased likelihood of 2009 H1N1, seasonal, and any-dose vaccinations among HCP were as follows: non-Hispanic white, higher income, having a high-risk condition, having health insurance, the ability to see a doctor if needed, and having had a routine checkup in the previous year.Conclusions: Vaccination coverage was higher among HCP than non-HCP but still below the national health objective of 90%. Knowledge of national and state-specifıc H1N1 and seasonal vaccination coverage among HCP is useful for evaluating the vaccination campaign and implementing strategies for increasing yearly seasonal vaccination coverage and improving vaccination coverage among HCP in possible future pandemics. (Am J Prev Med 2012;43(3):282-292) Published by Elsevier Inc. on behalf of American Journal of Preventive Medicine




Solar geoengineering is often framed as a stopgap measure to decrease the magnitude, impacts, and injustice 29 of climate change. However, the costs or benefits of geoengineering for human health are largely unknown.We project how geoengineering could impact malaria risk by comparing transmission suitability and 31populations-at-risk today against moderate and high emissions scenarios (RCP 4.5 and 8.5) with and 32without geoengineering over the next half-century. We show that if geoengineering deployment cools the 33 tropics, it could help protect high elevation populations in eastern Africa from the encroachment of malaria, 34 but could increase transmission in lowland sub-Saharan Africa and southern Asia. Compared to extreme 35warming, we also find that by 2070, geoengineering would nullify a projected reduction of nearly one 36 billion people at risk of malaria. Our results indicate that geoengineering strategies designed to offset 37warming are not guaranteed to unilaterally improve health outcomes, and could produce regional trade-offs 38among Global South countries that are often excluded from geoengineering conversations.




Lockdown in cities across the globe has imposed severe travel restrictions to limit the spread of Coronavirus disease. The travel behavior and operations will not be the same as before due to requirements such as physical (social) distancing. This study analyzes the resulting shortage in supply of public transport (buses) that will likely widen the existing gap between demand and supply. In this work, system optimization models are developed to efficiently reallocate the bus fleet to routes for different levels of physical distancing gaps and travel demand. The proposed models are applied to a real-life network of 34 bus routes of Delhi, considering three types of scenarios: current, practical, and ideal. In the practical scenarios, the additional, idling bus fleets can be allocated to the routes efficiently while maintaining physical distancing. The results show that the Business-as-Usual (BAU) scenario involving the current allocation approach will make it impossible to use public buses even if the bare minimum physical distancing has to be maintained. Further, the models proposed in the study significantly improve the key performance indicators for all scenarios.Publisher's Note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.




Influenza viruses cause annual epidemics and occasional pandemics that have claimed the lives of millions. The emergence of new strains will continue to pose challenges to public health and the scientific communities.




Background: Several studies have found only a weak to moderate correlation between oxygenation and lung aeration in response to changes in PEEP. This study aimed to investigate the association between changes in shunt, low and high ventilation/perfusion (V/Q) mismatch, and computed tomography-measured lung aeration following an increase in PEEP in patients with ARDS. Methods: In this preliminary study, 12 ARDS patients were subjected to recruitment maneuvers followed by setting PEEP at 5 and then either 15 or 20 cmH 2 O. Lung aeration was measured by computed tomography. Values of pulmonary shunt and low and high V/Q mismatch were calculated by a model-based method from measurements of oxygenation, ventilation, and metabolism taken at different inspired oxygen levels and an arterial blood gas sample.Results: Increasing PEEP resulted in reduced values of pulmonary shunt and the percentage of non-aerated tissue, and an increased percentage of normally aerated tissue (p < 0.05). Changes in shunt and normally aerated tissue were significantly correlated (r = − 0.665, p = 0.018). Three distinct responses to increase in PEEP were observed in values of shunt and V/Q mismatch: a beneficial response in seven patients, where shunt decreased without increasing high V/Q; a detrimental response in four patients where both shunt and high V/Q increased; and a detrimental response in a patient with reduced shunt but increased high V/Q mismatch. Non-aerated tissue decreased with increased PEEP in all patients, and hyperinflated tissue increased only in patients with a detrimental response in shunt and V/Q mismatch.The results show that improved lung aeration following an increase in PEEP is not always consistent with reduced shunt and V/Q mismatch. Poorly matched redistribution of ventilation and perfusion, between dependent and non-dependent regions of the lung, may explain why patients showed detrimental changes in shunt and V/Q mismatch on increase in PEEP, despite improved aeration. Trial registration: ClinicalTrails.gov, NCT04067154. Retrospectively registered on August 26, 2019.




publicly funded repositories, such as the WHO COVID database with rights for unrestricted research re-use and analyses in any form or by any means with acknowledgement of the original source. These permissions are granted for free by Elsevier for as long as the COVID-19 resource centre remains active.Toll-like receptors in sepsis-associated cytokines storm and their endogenous negative regulators as future immunomodulatory targetsCytokine storm generates during various systemic acute infections, including sepsis and current pandemic called COVID-19 (severe) causing devastating inflammatory conditions, which include multi-organ failure or multi-organ dysfunction syndrome (MODS) and death of the patient. Toll-like receptors (TLRs) are one of the major pattern recognition receptors (PRRs) expressed by immune cells as well as non-immune cells, including neurons, which play a crucial role in generating cytokine storm. They recognize microbial-associated molecular patterns (MAMPs, expressed by pathogens) and damage or death-associate molecular patterns (DAMPs; released and/expressed by damaged/killed host cells). Upon recognition of MAMPs and DAMPs, TLRs activate downstream signaling pathways releasing several proinflammatory mediators [cytokines, chemokines, interferons, and reactive oxygen and nitrogen species (ROS or RNS)], which cause acute inflammation meant to control the pathogen and repair the damage. Induction of an exaggerated response due to genetic makeup of the host and/or persistence of the pathogen due to its evasion mechanisms may lead to severe systemic inflammatory condition called sepsis due to the generation of cytokine storm and organ dysfunction. Activation of the TLR-induced inflammatory response is hardwired to the induction of several negative feedback mechanisms that come into play to conclude the response and maintain immune homeostasis. This state-of-the-art review describes the importance of TLR-induced signaling in the onset of the sepsis-associated cytokine storm and discusses various mechanisms employed by the host to negatively control the TLR-activated signaling pathways. The subject is very important as there is a vast array of genes and processes implicated in these negative feedback mechanisms. These molecules and mechanisms can be targeted for developing novel therapeutic drugs for cytokine storm-associated diseases, including sepsis, severe COVID-19, and other inflammatory diseases, where TLR-signaling plays a significant role.




Objectives. To evaluate the tradeoffs between potential benefits (e.g., reduction in infection spread and 30 deaths) of non-pharmaceutical interventions for COVID19 and being homebound (i.e., refraining from 31 community/workplace interactions). 32 33 Methods. An agent-based simulation model to project the disease spread and estimate the number of 34 homebound people and person-days under multiple scenarios, including combinations of shelter-in-35 place, voluntary quarantine, and school closure in Georgia from March 1 to September 1, 2020.36 37 Results. Compared to no intervention, under voluntary quarantine, voluntary quarantine with school 38 closure, and shelter-in-place with school closure scenarios 3.43, 19.8, and 200+ homebound adult-days 39 were required to prevent one infection, with the maximum number of adults homebound on a given day 40 in the range of 121K-268K, 522K-567K, 5,377K-5,380K, respectively. 41 42 Conclusions. Voluntary quarantine combined with school closure significantly reduced the number of 43 infections and deaths with a considerably smaller number of homebound person-days compared to 44 shelter-in-place.45 46




The size of von Willebrand factor (VWF), controlled by ADAMTS13-dependent proteolysis, is associated with its hemostatic activity. Many factors regulate ADAMTS13-dependent VWF proteolysis through their interaction with VWF. These include coagulation factor VIII, platelet glycoprotein 1ba, and heparin sulfate, which accelerate the cleavage of VWF. Conversely, thrombospondin-1 decreases the rate of VWF proteolysis by ADAMTS13 by competing with ADAMTS13 for the A3 domain of VWF. To investigate whether murine monoclonal antibodies (mAbs) against human VWF affect the susceptibility of VWF to proteolysis by ADAMTS13 in vitro, eight mAbs to different domains of human VWF were used to evaluate the effects on VWF cleavage by ADAMTS13 under fluid shear stress and static/denaturing conditions. Additionally, the epitope of anti-VWF mAb (SZ34) was mapped using recombinant proteins in combination with enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay and Western blot analysis. The results indicate that mAb SZ34 inhibited proteolytic cleavage of VWF by ADAMTS13 in a concentration-dependent manner under fluid shear stress, but not under static/denaturing conditions. The binding epitope of SZ34 mAb is located between A1555 and G1595 in the central A2 domain of VWF. These data show that an anti-VWF mAb against the VWF-A2 domain (A1555-G1595) reduces the proteolytic cleavage of VWF by ADAMTS13 under shear stress, suggesting the role of this region in interaction with ADAMTS13.




There is increasing evidence of inequities in COVID-19 infection, disease severity, and mortality across diverse ethnic groups. Despite calls to ensure ethnicity is integral to COVID-19 research, opportunities have been missed to engage with individuals from ethnic minority groups, and even more notably, recent migrants. J o u r n a l P r e -p r o o f Putting the voices and insights of migrants and diverse ethnic groups at the centre of our response to COVID-19 Fig 1: Challenges and strategies for conducting PPIE during COVID-19 J o u r n a l P r e -p r o o f




Background: Social distancing is an important public health intervention to reduce or interrupt the sustained community transmission of emerging infectious pathogens, such as SARS-CoV-2 during the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic. We aimed to explore the impact on the epidemic curve of fewer contacts when individuals reduce the time they spend on selected daily activities.Methods: We combined the large-scale empirical data of a social contact survey and a time-use survey to estimate contact matrices by age group (0-15, 16-24, 25-44, 45-64, 65+) and daily activity (work, schooling, transportation, and four leisure activities: social visits, bar/cafe/restaurant visits, park visits, and non-essential shopping). We assumed that reductions in time are proportional to reductions in contacts. The derived matrices were then applied in an agestructured dynamic-transmission model of COVID-19 to explore the effects.Findings: The relative reductions in the derived contact matrices were highest when closing schools (in ages 0-14 years), workplaces (15-64 years), and stopping social visits (65+ years). For COVID-19, the closure of workplaces, schools, and stopping social visits had the largest impact on reducing the epidemic curve and delaying its peak, while the predicted impact of fewer contacts in parks, bars/cafes/restaurants, and non-essential shopping were minimal.Interpretation: We successfully augmented contact matrices with time-use data to predict the highest impact of social distancing measures from reduced contacts when spending less time at work, school, and on social visits. Although the predicted impact from other leisure activities with potential for close physical contact were minimal, changes in mixing patterns and time-use immediately * The core membership of the joint modelling group consists of:





Biosensing is a rising analytical field for detection of biological indicators using transducing systems. Smart materials can response to external stimuli, and translate the stimuli from biological domains into signals that are readable and quantifiable. Smart materials, such as nanomaterials, photonic crystals and hydrogels have been widely used for biosensing purpose. In this review, we illustrate the incorporation of smart materials in biosensing systems, including the design of responsive materials, their responsive mechanism of biosensing, and their applications in detection of four types of common biomolecules (including glucose, nucleic acids, proteins, and enzymes). In the end, we also illustrate the current challenges and prospective of using smart materials in biosensing research fields.




Humoral responses within the central nervous system (CNS) are common to many neurotropic viral infections, with antibody (Ab)-secreting cells (ASC) contributing to local protection. However, a role for virus-specific memory B cells (Bmem) within the CNS is poorly explored due to lack of robust phenotypic or functional identification in mice. This study takes advantage of the progeny of mice expressing tamoxifen-inducible Cre recombinase (Cre-ERT2) under the Aicda promoter crossed with Rosa26-loxP-tdTomato reporter mice (AID Cre -Rosa26 tdTomato ) to monitor B cells having undergone activation-induced cytidine deaminase (AID)-mediated somatic hypermutation (SHM) following neurotropic coronavirus infection. AID detection via tdTomato expression allowed tracking of virus-specific ASC and Bmem in priming and effector sites throughout infection. In draining lymph nodes, tdTomatopositive (tdTomato ϩ ) ASC were most prevalent prior to germinal center (GC) formation, but total tdTomato ϩ B cells only peaked with robust GC formation at day 14 p.i. Moreover, their proportion of Bmem dominated over the proportion of ASC throughout infection. In the CNS, tdTomato ϩ cells started emerging at day 14 p.i. While they initially comprised mainly Bmem, the proportions of ASC and Bmem became similar as tdTomato ϩ B cells increased throughout viral persistence. Delayed tamoxifen treatment demonstrated ongoing CNS recruitment of tdTomato ϩ B cells, mainly ASC, primed late during GC reactions. Overall, the data support the idea that virus-induced B cells exhibiting SHM require peripheral GC formation to emerge in the CNS. Ongoing GC reactions and regional signals further regulate dynamics within the CNS, with preferential maintenance of tdTomato ϩ B cells in spinal cords relative to that in brains during viral persistence. IMPORTANCE The prevalence and role of antigen-specific Bmem in the CNS during viral encephalomyelitis is largely undefined. A lack of reliable markers identifying murine Bmem has made it difficult to assess their contribution to local antiviral protection via antigen presentation or conversion to ASC. Using reporter mice infected with neurotropic coronavirus to track virus-specific Bmem and ASC, this report demonstrates that both subsets only emerge in the CNS following peripheral GC formation and subsequently prevail. While early GC reactions supported preferential Bmem accumulation in the CNS, late GC reactions favored ASC accumulation, although Bmem outnumbered ASC in draining lymph nodes throughout infection. Importantly, virus-specific B cells undergoing sustained GC selection were continually recruited to the persistently infected CNS. Elucidating the factors governing temporal events within GCs, as well as regional CNS cues during viral persistence, will aid intervention to modulate CNS humoral responses in the context of infection and associated autoimmune pathologies.




RNA viruses are characterized by a high mutation rate, a buffer against environmental change. Nevertheless, the means by which random mutation improves viral fitness is not well characterized. Here we report the X-ray crystal structure of the receptor-binding domain (RBD) of the human coronavirus, HCoV-229E, in complex with the ectodomain of its receptor, aminopeptidase N (APN). Three extended loops are solely responsible for receptor binding and the evolution of HCoV-229E and its close relatives is accompanied by changing loop-receptor interactions. Phylogenetic analysis shows that the natural HCoV-229E receptor-binding loop variation observed defines six RBD classes whose viruses have successively replaced each other in the human population over the past 50 years. These RBD classes differ in their affinity for APN and their ability to bind an HCoV-229E neutralizing antibody. Together, our results provide a model for alphacoronavirus adaptation and evolution based on the use of extended loops for receptor binding.




Background The model of infectious disease prevention and control changed significantly in China after the outbreak in 2003 of severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS), but trends and epidemiological features of infectious diseases are rarely studied. In this study, we aimed to assess specific incidence and mortality trends of 45 notifiable infectious diseases from 2004 to 2013 in China and to investigate the overall effectiveness of current prevention and control strategies.Methods Incidence and mortality data for 45 notifiable infectious diseases were extracted from a WChinese public health science data centre from 2004 to 2013, which covers 31 provinces in mainland China. We estimated the annual percentage change in incidence of each infectious disease using joinpoint regression.Findings Between January, 2004, and December, 2013, 54 984 661 cases of 45 infectious diseases were reported (average yearly incidence 417·98 per 100 000). The infectious diseases with the highest yearly incidence were hand, foot, and mouth disease (114·48 per 100 000), hepatitis B (81·57 per 100 000), and tuberculosis (80·33 per 100 000). 132 681 deaths were reported among the 54 984 661 cases (average yearly mortality 1·01 deaths per 100 000; average case fatality 2·4 per 1000). Overall yearly incidence of infectious disease was higher among males than females and was highest among children younger than 10 years. Overall yearly mortality was higher among males than females older than 20 years and highest among individuals older than 80 years. Average yearly incidence rose from 300·54 per 100 000 in 2004 to 483·63 per 100 000 in 2013 (annual percentage change 5·9%); hydatid disease (echinococcosis), hepatitis C, and syphilis showed the fastest growth. The overall increasing trend changed after 2009, and the annual percentage change in incidence of infectious disease in 2009-13 (2·3%) was significantly lower than in 2004-08 (6·2%).Interpretation Although the overall incidence of infectious diseases was increasing from 2004, the rate levelled off after 2009. Effective prevention and control strategies are needed for diseases with the highest incidence-including hand, foot, and mouth disease, hepatitis B, and tuberculosis-and those with the fastest rates of increase (including hydatid disease, hepatitis C, and syphilis).








The impact of the outbreak of COVID-19 on health has been widely concerned. Disease risk assessment, prediction, and early warning have become a significant research field. Previous research suggests that there is a relationship between air quality and the disease. This paper investigated the impact of the atmospheric environment on the basic reproduction number (R 0 ) in Australia, South Korea, and Italy by using atmospheric environment data, confirmed case data, and the distributed lag non-linear model (DLNM) model based on Quasi-Poisson regression. The results show that the air temperature and humidity have lag and persistence on short-term R 0 , and seasonal factors have an apparent decorating effect on R 0 . PM 10 is the primary pollutant that affects the excess morbidity rate. Moreover, O 3 , PM 2.5 , and SO 2 as perturbation factors have an apparent cumulative effect. These results present beneficial knowledge for correlation between environment and COVID-19, which guiding prospective analyses of disease data.




The ongoing novel coronavirus disease (COVID-19) pandemic makes us painfully perceive that our bullet shells are blank so far for fighting against severe human coronavirus (HCoV). In spite of vast research work, it is crystal clear that the evident does not warrant the commercial blossoming of anti-HCoV drugs. In this circumstance, drug repurposing and/or screening of databases are the only fastest option. This study is an initiative to recapitulate the medicinal chemistry of severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS)-CoV-2 (SARS-CoV-2). The aim is to present an exquisite delineation of the current research from the perspective of a medicinal chemist to allow the rapid development of anti-SARS-CoV-2 agents.




The UK influenza pandemic plan predicts up to 750 000 additional deaths with hospitals prioritising patients against inadequate resources. We investigated three prototype low-cost, gas-efficient, pneumatic ventilators in a test lung model at different compliance and rate settings. Mean (SD) oxygen consumption was 0.913 (0.198) and 1.119 (0.267) l.min )1 at tidal volumes of 500 ml and 700 ml respectively. Values of F I O 2 increased marginally as lung compliance reduced, reflecting the increased ventilator workload and consequent increased enrichment of breathing gas by waste oxygen from the pneumatic mechanism. We also demonstrated that a stable nitric oxide concentration could be delivered by this design following volumetric principles. It is possible to make a gas-efficient ventilator costing less than £200 from industrial components for use where oxygen is available at 2-4 bar, with no pressurised air or electrical requirements. Such a device could be mass-produced for crises characterised by an overwhelming demand for mechanical ventilation and a limited oxygen supply.




The Plasmodium falciparum (Pf) cysteine-rich protective antigen (PfCyRPA) has emerged as a promising blood-stage candidate antigen for inclusion into a broadly cross-reactive malaria vaccine. This highly conserved protein among various geographical strains plays a key role in the red blood cell invasion process by P. falciparum merozoites, and antibodies against PfCyRPA can efficiently prevent the entry of the malaria parasites into red blood cells. The aim of the present study was to develop a humancompatible formulation of the PfCyRPA vaccine candidate and confirming its activity in preclinical studies. Recombinant PfCyRPA expressed in HEK 293 cells was chemically coupled to phosphoethanolamine and then incorporated into the membrane of unadjuvanted influenza virosomes approved as antigen delivery system for humans. Laboratory animals were immunised with the virosome-based PfCyRPA vaccine to determine its immunogenic properties and in particular, its capacity to elicit parasite binding and growth-inhibitory antibodies. The vaccine elicited in mice and rabbits high titers of PfCyRPA-specific antibodies that bound to the blood-stage parasites. At a concentration of 10 mg/mL, purified total serum IgG from immunised rabbits inhibited parasite growth in vitro by about 80%. Furthermore, in a P. falciparum infection mouse model, passive transfer of 10 mg of purified total IgG from PfCyRPA vaccinated rabbits reduced the in vivo parasite load by 77%. Influenza virosomes thus represent a suitable antigen delivery system for the induction of protective antibodies against the recombinant PfCyRPA, designating it as a highly suitable component for inclusion into a multivalent and multi-stage virosomal malaria vaccine.npj Vaccines (2020) 5:9 ; https://doi.






Background: With possible resurgence of the SARS-CoV-2 and low seasonal influenza virus circulation next winter, reviewing evidence on a possible interaction between influenza vaccination and COVID-19 risk is important.Objective: To review studies on the effect of influenza vaccines on non-influenza respiratory disease (NIRD).Methods: Using different search strategies, 18 relevant studies were identified and their strength, limitations and significance were assessed.Results: Analysis of 4 RCT datasets did not suggest increased NIRD risk in recipients of live-attenuated vaccines (LAIV) and results of a cohort study suggested short-term protection consistent with the hypothesis of 'trained immunity'. One RCT, four cohort studies and one test-negative case-control suggested increased NIRD risk in recipients of inactivated influenza vaccines (IIV), whereas five test-negative case-control studies did not show an increased risk associated with a specific viral pathogen. Cross-protection against COVID-19 was suggested in one cross-sectional study on IIV but major biases could not be excluded. Results of four recent ecological studies on COVID-19 were challenging to interpret.Conclusions: Available data on LAIV are reassuring but not all those on IIV. A drastic reorientation of 2020-2021 influenza campaigns is probably not warranted but studies aiming to test COVID-19 risk modification among recipients of seasonal influenza vaccines should be planned and funded.Word count:Abstract = 206All rights reserved. No reuse allowed without permission.





Interferon lambda (IFN-λ) is an antiviral naturally produced in response to viral infections, with activity on cells of epithelial origin and located in the mucosal surfaces. This localized activity results in reduced toxicity compared to type I IFNs, whose receptors are ubiquitously expressed. IFN-λ has been effective in the therapy of respiratory viral infections, playing a crucial role in potentiating adaptive immune responses that initiate at mucosal surfaces. Human IFN-λ has polymorphisms that may cause differences in the interaction with the specific receptor in the human population. Interestingly, bovine IFN-λ3 has an in silico-predicted higher affinity for the human receptor than its human counterparts, with high identity with different human IFN-λ variants, making it a suitable antiviral therapeutic candidate for human health. Here, we demonstrate that a recombinant bovine IFN-λ (rbIFN-λ) produced in HEK-293 cells is effective in preventing SARS-CoV-2 infection of VERO cells, with an inhibitory concentration 50% (IC50) between 30 and 50 times lower than that of human type I IFN tested here (α2b and β1a). We also demonstrated the absence of toxicity of rbIFN-λ in human PBMCs and the lack of proinflammatory activity on these cells. Altogether, our results show that rbIFN-λ is as an effective antiviral potentially suitable for COVID-19 therapy. Among other potential applications, rbIFN-λ could be useful to preclude virus dispersion to the lungs and/or to reduce transmission from infected people. Moreover, and due to the non-specific activity of this IFN, it can be potentially effective against other respiratory viruses that may be circulating together with SARS-CoV-2.





The clinical course of any viral infection greatly differs in individuals. This variation results from various viral, host, and environmental factors. The identification of host genetic factors influencing inter-individual variation in susceptibility to several pathogenic viruses has tremendously increased our understanding of the mechanisms and pathways required for immunity. Next-generation sequencing of whole exomes represents a powerful tool in biomedical research. In this chapter, we briefly introduce whole-exome sequencing in the context of genetic approaches to identify host susceptibility genes to viral infections. We then describe general aspects of the workflow for whole-exome sequence analysis together with the tools and online resources that can be used to identify and annotate variant calls, and then prioritize them for their potential association to phenotypes of interest.




Many countries have been affected by the world-wide outbreak of COVID-19. Among Western countries, Italy has been particularly hit at the beginning of the pandemic, immediately after China. In Italy and elsewhere women seem to be less affected then men by severe/fatal COVID-19 infection, regardless of their age. Despite the evidence that women and men are affected differently by this infection, very few studies consider different therapeutic approaches for the two sexes. Undoubtedly, understanding the mechanisms at the bases of these differences may help to find appropriate and sex specific therapies. Here, we consider that other mechanisms are involved to explain this difference, in addition to the protection attributable to oestrogens. Several X-linked genes (such as ACE2) and Y-linked genes (SRY, SOX9) may explain sex differences. Cardiovascular comorbidities are among the major enhancers of virus lethality. In addition, the number of sex-independent non-genetic factors that can change susceptibility and mortality is enormous, and many other factors are likely to be considered, including gender and cultural habits in different countries. Karlberg J, Chong DS, Lai WY (2004). Do men have a higher case fatality rate of severe acute respiratory syndrome than women do? Am J Epidemiol 159: 229-231. (2017). A pilot clinical trial of recombinant human angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 in acute respiratory distress syndrome. Crit Care 21(1):234. (2019). Nicotinamide mononucleotide (NMN) treatment attenuates oxidative stress and rescues angiogenic capacity in aged cerebromicrovascular endothelial cells: a potential mechanism for the prevention of vascular cognitive impairment. Geroscience 41(5):619-630.




Liquid-liquid phase separation (LLPS) is a rapidly growing research focus due to numerous demonstrations that many cellular proteins phase-separate to form biomolecular condensates (BMCs) that nucleate membraneless organelles (MLOs). A growing repertoire of mechanisms supporting BMC formation, composition, dynamics, and functions are becoming elucidated. BMCs are now appreciated as required for several steps of gene regulation, while their deregulation promotes pathological aggregates, such as stress granules (SGs) and insoluble irreversible plaques that are hallmarks of neurodegenerative diseases. Treatment of BMC-related diseases will greatly benefit from identification of therapeutics preventing pathological aggregates while sparing BMCs required for cellular functions. Numerous viruses that block SG assembly also utilize or engineer BMCs for their replication. While BMC formation first depends on prion-like disordered protein domains (PrLDs), metal ion-controlled RNA-binding domains (RBDs) also orchestrate their formation. Virus replication and viral genomic RNA (vRNA) packaging dynamics involving nucleocapsid (NC) proteins and their orthologs rely on Zinc (Zn) availability, while virus morphology and infectivity are negatively influenced by excess Copper (Cu). While virus infections modify physiological metal homeostasis towards an increased copper to zinc ratio (Cu/Zn), how and why they do this remains elusive. Following our recent finding that pan-retroviruses employ Zn for NC-mediated LLPS for virus assembly, we present a pan-virus bioinformatics and literature meta-analysis study identifying metal-based mechanisms linking virus-induced BMCs to neurodegenerative disease processes. We discover that conserved degree and placement of PrLDs juxtaposing metal-regulated RBDs are associated with disease-causing prion-like proteins and are common features of viral proteins responsible for virus capsid assembly and structure. Virus infections both modulate gene expression of metalloproteins and interfere with metal homeostasis, representing an additional virus strategy impeding physiological and cellular antiviral responses. Our analyses reveal that metal-coordinated virus NC protein PrLDs initiate LLPS that nucleate pan-virus assembly and contribute to their persistence as cell-free infectious aerosol droplets. Virus aerosol droplets and insoluble neurological disease aggregates should be eliminated by physiological or environmental metals that outcompete PrLD-bound metals. While environmental metals can control virus spreading via aerosol droplets, therapeutic interference with metals or metalloproteins represent additional attractive avenues against pan-virus infection and virus-exacerbated neurological diseases.




CEA cell adhesion molecule-1 (CEACAM1) is a cell-cell adhesion molecule that, paradoxically, is expressed in an apical location in normal breast epithelium. Strong lumenal membrane staining is observed in 100% of normal glands (11/11), low in atypical hyperplasia (2/6), high in cribiform ductal carcinoma in situ (DCIS) (8/8), but low in other types of DCIS (2/15). Although most invasive ductal carcinomas express CEACAM1 (21/26), the staining pattern tends to be weak and cytoplasmic in tumours with minimal lumena formation (grades 2-3), while there is membrane staining in well-differentiated tumours (grade 1). The 'normal' breast epithelial line MCF10F forms acini with lumena in Matrigel with apical membrane expression of CEACAM1. MCF7 cells that do not express CEACAM1 and fail to form lumena in Matrigel, revert to a lumen forming phenotype when transfected with the CEACAM1-4S but not the -4L isoform. CEACAM1 directly associates with and downregulates the expression of β1-integrin. Immuno-electron microscopy reveals numerous vesicles coated with CEACAM1 within the lumena, and as predicted by this finding, CEACAM1 is found in the lipid fraction of breast milk. Thus, CEACAM1 is a critical molecule in mammary morphogenesis and may play a role in the absorption of the lipid vesicles of milk in the infant intestinal tract.




Given a set of n points in a d-dimensional space, we seek to compute the skyline, i.e., those points that are not strictly dominated by any other point, using few comparisons between elements. We adopt the noisy comparison model [15] where comparisons fail with constant probability and confidence can be increased through independent repetitions of a comparison. In this model motivated by Crowdsourcing applications, Groz and Milo [18] show three bounds on the query complexity for the skyline problem. We improve significantly on that state of the art and provide two output-sensitive algorithms computing the skyline with respective query complexity O(ndlog(dk/δ)) and O(ndklog(k/δ)), where k is the size of the skyline and δ the expected probability that our algorithm fails to return the correct answer. These results are tight for low dimensions.





SARS-CoV-2 virus infections in humans were first reported in December 2019, the boreal winter. The resulting COVID-19 pandemic was declared by the WHO in March 2020. By July 2020, COVID-19 was present in 213 countries and territories, with over 12 million confirmed cases and over half a million attributed deaths. Knowledge of other viral respiratory diseases suggests that the transmission of SARS-CoV-2 could be modulated by seasonally varying environmental factors such as temperature and humidity. Many studies on the environmental sensitivity of COVID-19 are appearing online, and some have been published in peer-reviewed journals. Initially, these studies raised the hypothesis that climatic conditions would subdue the viral transmission rate in places entering the boreal summer, and that southern hemisphere countries would experience enhanced disease spread. For the latter, the COVID-19 peak would coincide with the peak of the influenza season, increasing misdiagnosis and placing an additional burden on health systems. In this review, we assess the evidence that environmental drivers are a significant factor in the trajectory of the COVID-19 pandemic, globally and regionally. We critically assessed 42 peer-reviewed and 80 preprint publications that met qualifying criteria. Since the disease has been prevalent for only half a year in the northern, and one-quarter of a year in the southern hemisphere, datasets capturing a full seasonal cycle in one locality are not yet available. Analyses based on space-for-time substitutions, i.e., using data from climatically distinct locations as a surrogate for seasonal progression, have been inconclusive. The reported studies present a strong northern bias. Socio-economic conditions peculiar to the 'Global South' have been omitted as confounding variables, thereby weakening evidence of environmental signals. We explore why research to date has failed to show convincing evidence for environmental modulation of COVID-19, and discuss directions for future research. We conclude that the evidence thus far suggests a weak modulation effect, currently overwhelmed by the scale and rate of the spread of COVID-19. Seasonally modulated transmission, if it exists, will be more evident in 2021 and subsequent years.




Despite significant advancement in vaccine and virus research, influenza continues to be a major public health concern. Each year in the United States of America, influenza viruses are responsible for seasonal epidemics resulting in over 200,000 hospitalizations and 30,000-50,000 deaths. Accurate and early diagnosis of influenza viral infections are critical for rapid initiation of antiviral therapy to reduce influenza related morbidity and mortality both during seasonal epidemics and pandemics. Several different approaches are currently available for diagnosis of influenza infections in humans. These include viral isolation in cell culture, immunofluorescence assays, nucleic acid amplification tests, immunochromatography-based rapid diagnostic tests, etc. Newer diagnostic approaches are being developed to overcome the limitations associated with some of the conventional detection methods. This review discusses diagnostic approaches currently available for detection of influenza viruses in humans.




Pneumonia is a common illness that continues to be the major killer of remaining to be a significant source of morbidity and mortality in the patient population. Many microorganisms cause pneumonia, and now concern is turning to the importance of 25 the cause the new therapies for viral pneumonia. In the current study, we report the effect of andrographolide sulfonate, a water-soluble form of andrographolide (trade name: Xi-Yan-Ping Injection), on poly I: C-induced pneumonia. Andrographolide sulfonate was administrated through intraperitoneal injection to mice with poly I: C-induced pneumonia. Recruitment of airway inflammatory cells, alteration of lung 30 histological induced by Poly I: C were significantly ameliorated by andrographolide sulfonate. The protein levels of pro-inflammatory cytokines in bronchoalveolar fluid (BALF) and serum were reduced by andrographolide sulfonate treatment. The levels of MUC5AC and MUC5B in lung tissue were also suppressed. These results reveal that andrographolide sulfate remarkably alleviated pneumonia induced by poly I:C in 35 mice. Moreover, andrographolide sulfonate markedly inhibited the activation of nuclear factor-κB (NF-κB). Taken together, we demonstrated that andrographolide sulfonate ameliorated poly I: C-induced pneumonia in mice, suggesting the possible use of andrographolide sulfonate for virus-induced pneumonia in clinical.





Notification of 2 imported cases of infection with Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus in the Netherlands triggered comprehensive monitoring of contacts. Observed low rates of virus transmission and the psychological effect of contact monitoring indicate that thoughtful assessment of close contacts is prudent and must be guided by clinical and epidemiologic risk factors.




Background: To investigate the association between parameters indicating immunity from BCG at country level (presence of BCG vaccination policy, BCG coverage, age-specific incidence of tuberculosis (TB)) and the morbidity and mortality of COVID-19. Methods: Country-specific data for COVID-19 cases and deaths, demographic details, BCG coverage and policy, age-specific TB incidence and income level were obtained. The crude COVID-19 cases and deaths per 100,000 population were calculated and assessed against the parameters indicating immunity from BCG using linear regression analysis. Results: Univariate analysis identified higher income level of a country to be significantly associated with COVID-19 cases (p < 0.0001) and deaths (p < 0.0001) but not with its case fatality rate. The association between COVID-19 and TB was strongest for TB incidence in patients > 65-years (Cases (r s = − 0.785,p = 0.0001)) and deaths (r s = − 0.647,p = 0.0001). Multivariate analysis identified the higher income level of a country and not having a universal BCG vaccination policy to affect the COVID-19 cases. The deaths were inversely affected by the presence of BCG vaccination policy and coverage; and positively by the TB incidence in patients > 65-years. Conclusion: Significant inverse correlations observed between cases and deaths of COVID-19 and BCG related parameters highlights immunity from BCG as a likely explanation for the variation in COVID-19 across countries.






At times of personalized and individualized medicine the concept of randomized-controlled clinical trials (RCTs) is being questioned. This review article explains principles of evidence-based medicine in oncology and shows an example of how evidence can be generated independently from RCTs. Personalized medicine involves molecular analysis of tumor properties and targeted therapy with small molecule inhibitors. Individualized medicine involves the whole patient (tumor and host) in the context of immunotherapy. The example is called Individualized Multimodal Immunotherapy (IMI). It is based on the individuality of immunological tumor-host interactions and on the concept of immunogenic tumor cell death (ICD) induced by an oncolytic virus. The evidence is generated by systematic data collection and analysis. The outcome is then shared with the scientific and medical community. The priority of big pharma studies is commercial benefit. Methods used to achieve this are described and have damaged the image of RCT studies in general. A critical discussion is recommended between all partners of the medical health system with regard to the conduct of RCTs by big pharma companies. Several clinics and institutions in Europe try to become more independent from pharma industry and to develop their own modern cancer therapeutics. Medical associations should include references to such studies from personalized and individualized medicine in their guidelines.





Travelers often have concerns about the health risks of flying in airplanes. Illness that occurs as a direct result of air travel is uncommon, but the main concerns are-






The included studies in this review [1] were small and retrospective, with lot of heterogeneity and publication bias, the overall evidence generated is very low quality. Metaanalysis should be conducted with a group of homogeneous studies in terms of interventions involved and outcomes so as, to provide a meaningful summary [5] .




Question: What are the sociodemographic and pre-existing health conditions associated with COVID-19 outcomes and how do they differ by race/ethnicity? Findings: In this retrospective cohort of 5,698 patients tested for COVID-19, high population density and comorbidities such as type II diabetes/kidney disease were associated with hospitalization, in addition to older age, male sex and obesity. Adjusting for covariates, non-Hispanic Blacks were 1.66 times more likely to be hospitalized and 1.52 times more likely to be admitted to ICUs than non-Hispanic Whites.Importance: Blacks/African-Americans are overrepresented in the number of COVID-19 infections, hospitalizations and deaths. Reasons for this disparity have not been wellcharacterized but may be due to underlying comorbidities or sociodemographic factors.Objective: To systematically determine patient characteristics associated with racial/ethnic disparities in COVID-19 outcomes.Design: A retrospective cohort study with comparative control groups.Participants: 5,698 tested patients and two sets of comparison groups who were not tested for COVID-19: randomly selected unmatched controls (n = 7,211) and frequencymatched controls by race, age, and sex (n = 13,351).We identified factors associated with testing and testing positive for COVID-19, being hospitalized, requiring intensive care unit (ICU) admission, and mortality (in/out-patient during the time frame). Factors included race/ethnicity, age, smoking, alcohol consumption, healthcare utilization, and residential-level socioeconomic characteristics (SES; i.e., education, unemployment, population density, and poverty rate). Medical comorbidities were defined from the International Classification of Diseases (ICD) codes, and were aggregated into a comorbidity score.Of 5,698 patients, (median age, 47 years; 38% male; mean BMI, 30.1), the majority were non-Hispanic Whites (NHW, 59.2%) and non-Hispanic Black/African-Americans (NHAA, 17.2%). Among 1,119 diagnosed, there were 41.2% NHW and 37.4% NHAA; 44.8% hospitalized, 20.6% admitted to ICU, and 3.8% died. Adjusting for age, sex, and SES, NHAA were 1.66 times more likely to be hospitalized (95% CI, 1.09-2.52; P=.02), 1.52 times more likely to enter ICU (95% CI, 0.92-2.52; P=.10). In addition to older age, male sex and obesity, high population density neighborhood (OR, 1.27 associated with one SD change [95% CI, 1.20-1.76]; P=.02) was associated with hospitalization. Pre-existing kidney disease led to 2.55 times higher risk of hospitalization (95% CI, 1.62-4.02; P<.001) in the overall population and 11.9 times higher mortality risk in NHAA (95% CI, 2.2-64.7, P=.004).need to not only identify risk factors but also to avoid spurious conclusions of racial/ethnic differences being explained by biology, which could further perpetuate racial/ethnic stereotypes 17 . Data on holistic clinical and sociodemographic factors contributing to racial/ethnic differences in COVID-19 outcomes is limited. Some previous studies have also compared those who tested positive for COVID-19 to those who are negative, instead of population-based controls where selection bias is potentially observed 27,28 .The objective of this study is to determine sociodemographic and comorbid conditions that are associated with COVID-19 outcomes (e.g., testing positive, hospitalization, admission to ICU, and mortality), utilizing electronic health records (EHR) from the University of Michigan, which serves a large patient population in the US Midwest.




Following infection of the central nervous system (CNS), the immune system is faced with the challenge of eliminating the pathogen without causing significant damage to neurons, which have limited capacities of renewal. In particular, it was thought that neurons were protected from direct attack by cytotoxic T lymphocytes (CTL) because they do not express major histocompatibility class I (MHC I) molecules, at least at steady state. To date, most of our current knowledge on the specifics of neuron-CTL interaction is based on studies artificially inducing MHC I expression on neurons, loading them with exogenous peptide and applying CTL clones or lines often differentiated in culture. Thus, much remains to be uncovered regarding the modalities of the interaction between infected neurons and antiviral CD8 T cells in the course of a natural disease. Here, we used the model of neuroinflammation caused by neurotropic Borna disease virus (BDV), in which virusspecific CTL have been demonstrated as the main immune effectors triggering disease. We tested the pathogenic properties of brain-isolated CD8 T cells against pure neuronal cultures infected with BDV. We observed that BDV infection of cortical neurons triggered a significant up regulation of MHC I molecules, rendering them susceptible to recognition by antiviral CTL, freshly isolated from the brains of acutely infected rats. Using real-time imaging, we analyzed the spatiotemporal relationships between neurons and CTL. Brain-isolated CTL exhibited a reduced mobility and established stable contacts with BDV-infected neurons, in an antigen-and MHC-dependent manner. This interaction induced rapid morphological changes of the neurons, without immediate killing or impairment of electrical activity. Early signs of neuronal apoptosis were detected only hours after this initial contact. Thus, our results show that infected neurons can be recognized efficiently by brain-isolated antiviral CD8 T cells and uncover the unusual modalities of CTL-induced neuronal damage.




Given the higher mortality rate and widespread phenomenon of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus 2 (SARS CoV-2) within the United States (US) population, understanding the mutational pattern of SARS CoV-2 has global implications for detection and therapy to prevent further escalation. Los Angeles has become an epicenter of the SARS-CoV-2 pandemic in the US. Efforts to contain the spread of SARS-CoV-2 require identifying its genetic and geographic variation and understanding the drivers of these differences. For the first time, we report genetic characterization of SARS-CoV-2 genome isolates in the Los Angeles population using targeted next generation sequencing (NGS). Samples collected at Cedars Sinai Medical Center were collected from patients with confirmed SARS-CoV-2 infection. We identified and diagnosed 192 patients by our in-house qPCR assay. In this population, the highest frequency variants were in known mutations in the 5'UTR, AA193 protein, RdRp and the spike glycoprotein. SARS-CoV-2 transmission within the local community was tracked by integrating mutation data with patient postal codes with two predominant community spread clusters being identified. Notably, significant viral genomic diversity was identified. Less than 10% of the Los Angeles community samples resembled published mutational profiles of SARS-CoV-2 genomes from China, while >50% of the isolates shared closely similarities to those from New York State. Based on these findings we conclude SARS-CoV-2 was likely introduced into the Los Angeles community predominantly from New York State but also via multiple other independent transmission routes including but not limited to Washington State and China.




 Transfusion therapy is vital to ensure a healthy community. Thus, a safe and reliable reserve of blood is necessary, even in the face of widespread illness.  Since the outbreak of the novel coronavirus, a decline in blood supply has been noticed as hospitals and communities have switched to more pandemic-oriented operations.  Restricted mobility secondary to isolation and quarantine seems to be the major reason causing decline in number of donors.J o u r n a l P r e -p r o o f





To explore advantages of Chinese medicine (CM) by analyzing differences in the origin of philosophy for human health between CM and Western medicine (WM). Methodologically, a distinctive feature of CM is its systems theory, which is also the difference between CM and WM. Since the birth of CM, it has taken the human body as a whole from the key concepts of ""qi, blood, yin-yang, viscera (Zang-Fu), and meridian and channel"", rather than a single cell or a particular organ. WM evolves from the Western philosophic way of thinking and merely uses natural sciences as the foundation. The development of WM is based on human structures, or anatomy, and therefore, research of WM is also based on the way of thinking of decomposing the whole human body into several independent parts, which is the impetus of promoting the development of WM. The core of CM includes the holistic view and the dialectical view. Chinese herbal medicines contain various components and treat a disease from multiple targets and links. Therefore, Chinese herbal medicines treat a diseased state by regulating and mobilizing the whole body rather than just regulating a single factor, since the diseased state is not only a problem in a local part of the body but a local reflection of imbalance of the whole body.





Background: The purpose of this study was to examine the prevalence and effects of current smoking on adverse outcomes among hospitalized COVID-19 patients. Methods: A systematic review of the literature (PubMed) identified 18 (from a total of 1398) relevant studies. Pooled current smoking prevalence was compared with the genderadjusted and gender and age-adjusted, population-based expected prevalence by calculating prevalence odds ratio (POR). The association between current, compared with non-current and former, smoking and adverse outcome was examined. A secondary analysis was performed by including 12 pre-publications (30 studies in total). All analyses were performed using random-effects meta-analysis. Results: Among 6515 patients, the pooled prevalence of current smoking was 6.8% [95% confidence interval (CI): 4.8-9.1%]. The gender-adjusted POR was 0.20 (95% CI: 0.16-0.25, p < 0.001), and the gender and age-adjusted POR was 0.24 (95% CI: 0.19-0.30, p < 0.001). Current smokers were more likely to have an adverse outcome compared with non-current smokers [odds ratio (OR): 1.53, 95%CI: 1.06-2.20, p = 0.022] but less likely compared with former smokers (OR: 0.42, 95% CI: 0.27-0.74, p = 0.003). When pre-publications were added (n = 10,631), the gender-adjusted POR was 0.27 (95% CI: 0.19-0.38, p < 0.001) and the gender and age-adjusted POR was 0.34 (95% CI: 0.24-0.48, p < 0.001). Conclusion: This meta-analysis of retrospective observational case series found an unexpectedly low prevalence of current smoking among hospitalized patients with COVID-19. Hospitalized current smokers had higher odds compared with non-current smokers but lower odds compared with former smokers for an adverse outcome. Smoking cannot be considered a protective measure for COVID-19. However, the hypothesis that nicotine may have a protective effect in COVID-19 that is partially masked by smoking-related toxicity and by the abrupt cessation of nicotine intake when smokers are hospitalized should be explored in laboratory studies and clinical trials using pharmaceutical nicotine products.




The neoclassical mainstream theory of economic growth does not care about the First and the Second Law of Thermodynamics. It usually considers only capital and labor as the factors that produce the wealth of modern industrial economies. If energy is taken into account as a factor of production, its economic weight, that is its output elasticity, is assigned a meager magnitude of roughly 5 percent, according to the neoclassical cost-share theorem. Because of that, neoclassical economics has the problems of the ""Solow Residual"", which is the big difference between observed and computed economic growth, and of the failure to explain the economic recessions since World War 2 by the variations of the production factors. Having recalled these problems, we point out that technological constraints on factor combinations have been overlooked in the derivation of the cost-share theorem. Biophysical analyses of economic growth that disregard this theorem and mend the neoclassical deficiencies are sketched. They show that energy's output elasticity is much larger than its cost share and elucidate the existence of bidirectional causality between energy conversion and economic growth. This helps to understand how economic crises have been triggered and overcome by supply-side and demand-side actions. Human creativity changes the state of economic systems. We discuss the challenges to it by the risks from politics and markets in conjunction with energy sources and technologies, and by the constraints that the emissions of particles and heat from entropy production impose on industrial growth in the biosphere.




Reçu le 30 janvier 2008 ; accepté le 28 février 2008 Disponible sur Internet le 5 mai 2008 Résumé Les coronavirus forment un grand groupe de virus infectant les mammifères et les oiseaux ; cinq d'entre eux infectent l'homme : HCoV 229E et OC43, connus depuis les années 1960, SARS-CoV identifié en mars 2003 lors de l'épidémie de syndrome de détresse respiratoire aigu sévère, NL63 et HKU1, identifiés respectivement en 2004 et 2005. Ce sont des virus enveloppés dont le génome est une molécule d'ARN de polarité positive de très grande taille. Leur mode évolutif fait intervenir plusieurs paramètres : la génération de nombreux mutants lors de la réplication, responsable d'une distribution en quasi-espèces de la population virale, la capacité à établir des infections persistantes, la possibilité de délétions importantes, la grande flexibilité du génome due à un fort taux de recombinaisons homologues et hétérologues, la capacité à franchir les barrières d'espèces et à s'adapter au nouvel environnement. Les coronavirus (hors SARS-CoV) sont ubiquitaires et circulent sous forme épidémique. Les différents HCoV co-circulent avec une distribution entre les types qui est variable selon les années et les régions géographiques. Ce sont essentiellement des virus responsables d'infections respiratoires hautes et basses. Le SARS-CoV est, lui, un virus émergent responsable de l'épidémie de pneumopathies atypiques entre novembre 2002 et juillet 2003. Sa circulation a été interrompue grâce à la mise en place de mesures sanitaires drastiques. L'implication des HCoV dans des pathologies digestives et neurologiques reste à préciser. La détection des coronavirus est difficile, et fait appel surtout à des techniques moléculaires. Il n'existe actuellement aucun traitement spécifique des infections à HCoV. # 2008 Elsevier Masson SAS. Tous droits réservés.Coronaviruses are a large group of viruses and infect a lot of species of mammals and birds. Five coronaviruses currently infect humans: HCoVs 229E and OC43, identified in the 1960s, SARS-CoV identified in March 2003 during the SARS epidemic, and the HCoVs NL63 and HKU1, identified in 2004 and 2005 respectively. The genome of the coronaviruses is a linear, non-segmented, positive-sense single-stranded RNA molecule of approximately 30 kb. The evolution of these viruses occurs through some features: the generation of multiple mutants during the replication resulting on a quasispecies structure of the viral population, the demonstrated ability of coronaviruses to establish persistent infections, the flexibility of the genome due to a high frequency of homologue or heterologue recombinations, the ability to jump barrier species and to adapt to the new environment. Two epidemiologic pictures of HCoV infections have to be distinguished: as suggested by recent studies, HCoVs except SARS-CoV, are distributed worldwide and cocirculate during seasonal outbreaks. The distribution of the different HCoV species varies according to the geographic area and season. In contrast, the SARS-CoV is responsible of the first emerging infectious disease of this millennium, infecting more than 8000 people between November 2002 and July 2003. Its circulation has been stopped by drastic public health policy. Human coronaviruses may be also involved in enteric and neurologic diseases. The detection of these viruses is difficult and mainly based on molecular assays (RT-PCR). There is no established specific therapy to date. # 2008 Elsevier Masson SAS. Tous droits réservés.




The current outbreak of COVID-19 is a major pandemic that has shaken up the entire world 12 in a short time. South Africa has the highest number of COVID-19 cases in Africa and under-13 standing the country's disease trajectory is important for government policy makers to plan the 14 optimal COVID-19 intervention strategy. The number of cases is highly correlated with the 15 number of COVID-19 tests undertaking. Thus, current methods of understanding the COVID-16 19 transmission process in the country based only on the number of cases can be misleading.In light of this, we propose to estimate both the probability of positive cases per tests conducted 18 (the positive testing rate) and the rate in which the positive testing rate changes over time (its 19 derivative) using a flexible semi-parametric model. 20 We applied the method to the observed positive testing rate in South Africa with data obtained 21 from March 5th to September 2nd 2020. We found that the positive testing rate was declining 22 from early March when the disease was first observed until early May where it kept on in-23 creasing. In the month of July 2020, the infection reached its peak then its started to decrease 24 again indicating that the intervention strategy is effective. From mid August, 2020, the rate of 25 change of the positive testing rate indicates that decline in the positive testing rate is slowing 26 down, suggesting that a less effective intervention is currently implemented. 27 28




The biliary glycoprotein (BGP)-encoding gene is a member of the human carcinoembryonic antigen (CEA) gene family. We have now cloned several mouse Egp cDNAs from an outbred CDR-1 mouse colon cDNA library, as well as by reverse transcription-PCR amplification of colon RNA. The distinguishing features of the deduced Bgp protein isoforms are found in the two divergent N-terminal domains, the highly conserved internal C2-set immunoglobulin domains, and an intracytoplasmic domain of either 10 or 73 amino acids (aa). The cDNA structures suggest that these mRNAs are produced through alternative splicing of a Bgp gene and the usage of multiple transcriptional terminators. The Bgp deduced aa sequences are highly homologous to several well characterized rat hepatocyte proteins such as the cell CAMlOS/ecto-ATPase/pp120/HA4 proteins. Oligodeoxyribonucleotide probes representing the various cDNA isoform domains revealed predominant transcripts of 1.8, 3.1 and 4.0 kb on Northern analyses of mouse colon RNA; some of these bands are actually composed of several co-migrating transcripts. The transcripts encoding the long intracytoplasmic-tailed Bgp proteins are expressed at one-tenth the relative abundance of the shorter-tailed species. We have previously demonstrated that several mouse Bgp cDNAs, when transfected into eukaryotic cells, express BGP proteins at the cell surface and function in vitro as cell adhesion molecules, much like their human and rat counterparts. The expression of the many Bgp isoforms at the surface of epithelial cells, such as colon, suggests that these proteins play a determinant role, through self-or heterologous contact, in renewal and/or differentiation of their epithelia.




Small interfering RNAs (siRNAs) are potent molecules capable of blocking gene expression after entering cell cytoplasm. Despite their strong efficacy, they need to be carried by nanoscale delivery systems that can protect them against degradation in biological fluids, increase their cellular uptake and favor their subcellular distribution. Several studies have highlighted the potential of local pulmonary delivery of siRNAs for the treatment of lung diseases. For this purpose, nanoscale delivery systems were addressed to target passively or actively the target cell. This review discusses the possibilities of approaching lung delivery of nanoscale particles carrying siRNAs.







The SARS-CoV-2 pandemic has caused substantial morbidity and mortality worldwide.Few reports exist in Latin America, a current epicenter of transmission. Here, we aim to describe the epidemiology and outcomes associated with COVID-19 in Honduras.Baseline clinical and epidemiological information of SARS-CoV-2 RT-PCR confirmed cases detected between March 17 th -May 4 th in the San Pedro Sula Metropolitan area was collected, and, for hospitalized cases, clinical data was abstracted. Logistic regression models were fit to determine factors associated with hospitalization.: 877 COVID-19 cases were identified of which 25% (n=220) were hospitalized. The 19-44year age group (57.8%) and males (61.3%) were predominant in overall COVID-19 cases. 34% of the cases (n=299) had at least one pre-existing medical condition. Individuals aged 45-69 years [aOR= 4.05, 95% CI: 2.85-5.76], 70 years [aOR= 9.12, 95% CI:5.24-15.86], of male sex [aOR =1.72, CI 95%: 1.21-2.44] and those with a pre-existing condition [aOR= 2.12, 95% CI: 1.43-3.14] had a higher odd of hospitalization. Fifty percent of inpatients were hospitalized more than 7 days. Median length of hospitalization was 13 days [IQR: 8-29] among individuals aged 19-44 years, and 17 days [IQR: 11-24.6] among those aged 45-69. Forty-two percent of the fatal cases occurred among adults under 60 years old.Our findings show that a high proportion of COVID-19 cases in Honduras occurred among younger adults, who also constituted a significant proportion of severe and fatal cases. Preexisting conditions were associated with severe outcomes independently from age and were highly prevalent in Honduran COVID-19 cases.






The current study provides data about the immediate risk perceptions and psychological effects of the COVID-19 pandemic among Italian participants. A sample of 980 volunteers answered a web-based survey which aimed to investigate the many facets of risk perceptions connected to COVID-19 (health, work, institutionaleconomy, interpersonal and psychological), and risk-related variables such as perceived knowledge, news seeking, perceived control, perceived efficacy of containment measures, and affective states. Socio-demographic characteristics were also collected. Results showed that although levels of general concern are relatively high among Italians, risk perceptions are highest with regards to the institutional-economy and work, and lowest concerning health. COVID-19 has been also estimated to be the least likely cause of death. Cognitive and affective risk-related variables contributed to explain the several risk perception domains differently. COVID-19 perceived knowledge did not affect any risk perception while the perceived control decreased health risk likelihood. The other risk-related variables amplified risk perceptions: News seeking increased work and institutional-economy risk; perceived efficacy of containment measures increased almost all perceived risks; negative affective states of fear, anger and sadness increased health risk; anxiety increased health, interpersonal and psychological risks, and uncertainty increased work, institutional-economy, interpersonal and psychological risk perceptions. Finally, positive affective states increased health risk perception. Socio-psychological implications are discussed.




Fifteen isolates of Infectious bronchitis virus (IBV) were obtained from the kidney, trachea, and cecal tonsil of IB suspected chickens between 2001 and 2002 years in Korea. The S1 glycoprotein gene of IBV isolates were amplified by reverse transcriptase -polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) and analyzed by restriction fragment length polymorphism (RFLP) analysis. Fifteen Korean IBV isolates were classified into 4 groups by their RFLP patterns using restriction enzymes, HaeIII, BstYI, and XcmI. The RFLP patterns for 3, 1, and 1 of 15 isolates corresponded to the patterns of IBV Arkansas, Connecticut, and Massachusetts strains, respectively. Ten of 15 isolates generated unique KM91 RFLP pattern that was observed in the IBV KM 91 strain previously isolated in Korea. To confirm genetic diversity in the S1 genes of IBV isolates, viral RNAs of representative 9 of 15 IBV isolates were amplified, cloned, sequenced and compared with published sequences for non-Korean IBV strains. Korean IBV isolates showed amino acid sequence similarity between 61.8% (K446-01 and K161-02) and 96.1% (K281-01 and K210-02) with each other and they showed amino acid sequence similarity between 42.9% (K161-02 and GA980470) and 96.5% (K203-02 and KB8523) compared to non-Korean IBV strains. By phylogenetic tree analysis, Korean IBV field isolates were branched into five clusters in which 3 clusters were differentiated from non-Korean IBV strains. Especially, Korean IBV isolates K069-01, K507-01, K774-01 and K142-02 formed a separate cluster. It seems that IBVs continue to evolve and IBVs showing various genetic differences may cocirculate in Korea.






Abbreviations used: BCR, B cell receptor; CMAH, CMP-Neu-5Ac hydroxylase; ES, embryonic stem; ITIM, immunoreceptor tyrosine-based inhibitory motif; MZ, marginal zone; MZP, marginal zone B cell precursor; Siae: sialic acid acetyl esterase.We show that the enzymatic acetylation and deacetylation of a cell surface carbohydrate controls B cell development, signaling, and immunological tolerance. Mice with a mutation in sialate: O -acetyl esterase, an enzyme that specifi cally removes acetyl moieties from the 9-OH position of ␣ 2 -6-linked sialic acid, exhibit enhanced B cell receptor (BCR) activation, defects in peripheral B cell development, and spontaneously develop antichromatin autoantibodies and glomerular immune complex deposits. The 9-O -acetylation state of sialic acid regulates the function of CD22, a Siglec that functions in vivo as an inhibitor of BCR signaling. These results describe a novel catalytic regulator of B cell signaling and underscore the crucial role of inhibitory signaling in the maintenance of immunological tolerance in the B lineage.






Cassiae semen (Leguminosae), a well-known traditional Chinese medicine, has been used for a number of centuries in areas of Southeast Asia, including Korea, Japan and China. The present review aims to provide updated and comprehensive information, on the botany, phytochemistry and pharmacology of Cassiae semen. The available information on Cassiae semen was collected using several different resources, including classic books on Chinese herbal medicine and a number of scientific databases, including the China Academic Journals full-text database, PubMed, SciFinder, the Web of Science and Science Direct. To date >70 chemical compounds have been isolated from Cassiae semen, and the major components have been determined to be anthraquinones, naphthopyrones and volatile oil. The crude extracts and pure compounds of Cassiae semen have been used as effective agents in preclinical and clinical practice due to their beneficial activities, including antihyperlipidemic, antidiabetic, neuroprotective, hepatoprotective, antibacterial, antioxidant and hypotensive activities. With the body of reported data, it has been suggested that Cassiae semen has convincing medicinal potential. However, the pharmacological mechanisms of the main bioactive compounds and the association between structure and activity require further investigation.C. obtusifolia is similar to C. tora in terms of botanical morphology. The two are an annual, erect, stout herb, ~1-2 m in length, and their leaves are paripinnate, typically pubescent and are 4-8 cm in length with a conical gland between each of the two lowest pairs of leaflets. Leaflets are formed of 3 leaf






In this perspectives piece, an interdisciplinary team of social science researchers considers the implications of Covid-19 for the politics of sustainable energy transitions. The emergency measures adopted by states, firms, and individuals in response to this global health crisis have driven a series of political, economic and social changes with potential to influence sustainable energy transitions. We identify some of the initial impacts of the 'great lockdown' on sustainable and fossil sources of energy, and consider how economic stimulus packages and social practices in the wake of the pandemic are likely to shape energy demand, the carbonintensity of the energy system, and the speed of transitions. Adopting a broad multi-scalar and multi-actor approach to the analysis of energy system change, we highlight continuities and discontinuities with pre-pandemic trends. Discussion focuses on four key themes that shape the politics of sustainable energy transitions: (i) the short, medium and long-term temporalities of energy system change; (ii) practices of investment around clean-tech and divestment from fossil fuels; (iii) structures and scales of energy governance; and (iv) social practices around mobility, work and public health. While the effects of the pandemic continue to unfold, some of its sectoral and geographically differentiated impacts are already emerging. We conclude that the politics of sustainable energy transitions are now at a critical juncture, in which the form and direction of state support for post-pandemic economic recovery will be key.




Neonatal intensive care units are vulnerable to outbreaks and sporadic incidents of healthcare-associated infections (HAIs). The incidence and outcome of these infections are determined by the degree of immaturity of the neonatal immune system, invasive procedures involved, the aetiological agent and its antimicrobial susceptibility pattern and, above all, infection control policies practised by the unit. It is important to raise awareness of infection control practices in resource-limited settings, since overdependence upon antimicrobial agents and co-existing lack of awareness of infection control is encouraging the emergence of multi-drug-resistant nosocomial pathogens. We reviewed 125 articles regarding HAIs from both advanced and resource-limited neonatal units in order to study risk factors, aetiological agents, antimicrobial susceptibility patterns and reported successes in infection control interventions. The articles include surveillance studies, outbreaks and sporadic incidents. Gram-positive cocci, viruses and fungi predominate in reports from the advanced units, while Gram-negative enteric rods, non-fermenters and fungi are commonly reported from resource-limited settings. Antimicrobial susceptibility patterns from surveillance studies determined the empirical therapy used in each neonatal unit. Most outbreaks, irrespective of the technical facilities available, were traced to specific lack of infection control practices. We discuss infection control interventions, with special emphasis on their applicability in resource-limited settings. Cost-effective measures for implementing these interventions, with particular reference to the recognition of the role of the microbiologist, the infection control team and antibiotic policies are presented.




From the perspective of vaccine development, it is imperative to accurately diagnose target infections in order to exclude subjects with prior exposure from evaluations of vaccine effectiveness, to track incident infection during the course of a clinical trial and to differentiate immune reactions due to natural infections from responses that are vaccine related. When vaccine development is accelerated to a rapid pace in response to emerging infectious disease threats, the challenges to develop such diagnostic tools is even greater. This was observed through the recent expansion of Zika virus infections into the Western Hemisphere in 2014-2017. When initial Zika vaccine clinical trials were being designed and launched in response to the outbreak, there were no standardized sets of viral and immunological assays, and no approved diagnostic tests for Zika virus infection. The diagnosis of Zika virus infection is still an area of active research and development on many fronts. Here we review emerging infectious disease vaccine clinical assay development and trial execution with a special focus on the state of Zika virus clinical assays and diagnostics.




COVID-19 is a pandemic health emergency faced by the entire world. The clinical treatment of the severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) CoV-2 is currently based on the experimental administration of HIV antiviral drugs, such as lopinavir, ritonavir, and remdesivir (a nucleotide analogue used for Ebola infection). This work proposes a repurposing process using a database containing approximately 8000 known drugs in synergy structure-and ligand-based studies by means of the molecular docking and descriptor-based protocol. The proposed in silico findings identified new potential SARS CoV-2 main protease (M PRO ) inhibitors that fit in the catalytic binding site of SARS CoV-2 M PRO . Several selected structures are NAD-like derivatives, suggesting a relevant role of these molecules in the modulation of SARS CoV-2 infection in conditions of cell chronic oxidative stress. Increased catabolism of NAD(H) during protein ribosylation in the DNA damage repair process may explain the greater susceptibility of the elderly population to the acute respiratory symptoms of COVID-19. The molecular modelling studies proposed herein agree with this hypothesis.




We argue that SARS-CoV-2 transmission dynamics should inform policy decisions about mitigation strategies for targeted interventions according to the needs of the society by directing attention to the settings, activities and socioeconomic factors associated with the highest risks of transmission.A c c e p t e d M a n u s c r i p t 2 Abstract:It is generally agreed that striking a balance between resuming economic and social activities and keeping the effective reproductive number (R0) below 1 using non-pharmaceutical interventions is an important goal until and even after effective vaccines become available. Therefore, the need remains to understand how the virus is transmitted in order to identify high-risk environments and activities that disproportionately contribute to its spread so that effective preventative measures could be put in place. Contact tracing and household studies in particular provide robust evidence about the parameters of transmission. In this viewpoint, we discuss the available evidence from large-scale, well-conducted contact tracing studies from across the world and argue that SARS-CoV-2 transmission dynamics should inform policy decisions about mitigation strategies for targeted interventions according to the needs of the society by directing attention to the settings, activities and socioeconomic factors associated with the highest risks of transmission.





Background: The growing incidence of coronavirus continues to cause fear, anxiety, and panic amongst the community, especially for healthcare providers (HCPs), as the most vulnerable group at risk of contracting this new SARS-CoV-2 infection. To protect and enhance the ability of HCPs to perform their role in responding to COVID-19, healthcare authorities must help to alleviate the level of stress and anxiety amongst HCPs and the community. This will improve the knowledge, attitude and practice towards COVID-19, especially for HCPs. In addition, authorities need to comply in treating this virus by implementing control measures and other precautions. This study explores the knowledge, attitude, anxiety, and preventive behaviours among Yemeni HCPs towards COVID-19. Methods: A descriptive, web-based-cross-sectional study was conducted among 1231 Yemeni HCPs. The COVID-19 related questionnaire was designed using Google forms where the responses were coded and analysed using the Statistical Package for the Social Sciences software package (IBM SPSS), version 22.0. Descriptive statistics and Pearson's correlation coefficient test were also employed in this study. A p-value of < 0.05 with a 95% confidence interval was considered as statistically significant. The data collection phase commenced on 22nd April 2020, at 6 pm and finished on 26th April 2020 at 11 am. Results: The results indicated that from the 1231 HCPs participating in this study, 61.6% were male, and 67% were aged between 20 and 30 years with a mean age of 29.29 ± 6.75. Most (86%) held a bachelor's degree or above having at least 10 years of work experience or less (88.1%). However, while 57.1% of the respondents obtained their information via social networks and news media, a further 60.0% had never attended lectures/ discussions about COVID-19. The results further revealed that the majority of respondents had adequate knowledge, optimistic attitude, moderate level of anxiety, and high-performance in preventive behaviours, 69.8, 85.10%, 51.0 and 87.70%, respectively, towards COVID-19. Conclusion: Although the Yemeni HCPs exhibited an adequate level of knowledge, optimistic attitude, moderate level of anxiety, and high-performance in preventive behaviours toward COVID-19, the results highlighted gaps, particularly in their knowledge and attitude towards COVID-19.




The emergence of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2), the causative agent of coronavirus disease 2019 , has resulted in >500,000 deaths worldwide, including >125,000 deaths in the U.S. since its emergence in late December 2019 and June 2020. Neither curative anti-viral drugs nor a protective vaccine is currently available for the treatment and prevention of COVID-19. Recently, new clinical syndromes associated with coagulopathy and vasculopathy have emerged as a cause of sudden death and other serious clinical manifestations in younger patients infected with SARS-CoV-2 infection. Angiotensin converting enzyme 2 (ACE2), the receptor for SARS-CoV-2 and other coronaviruses, is a transmembrane protein expressed by lung alveolar epithelial cells, enterocytes, and vascular endothelial cells, whose physiologic role is to induce the maturation of angiotensin I to generate angiotensin 1-7, a peptide hormone that controls vasoconstriction and blood pressure. In this review, we provide the general context of the molecular and cellular mechanisms of SARS-CoV-2 infection with a focus on endothelial cells, describe the vasculopathy and coagulopathy syndromes in patients with SARS-CoV-2, and outline current understanding of the underlying mechanistic aspects.The antiviral drug remdesivir has received an emergency use authorization for the treatment of suspected or laboratory-confirmed COVID-19 in patients with severe disease. Other drugs, such as recombinant ACE2 (APN01) and an anti-viral antibody cocktail (REGN-COV) are currently tested in clinical trials. The clinical course of SARS and MERS is remarkably similar, apart from an overall greater severity of pulmonary manifestations in patients with MERS than in patients with SARS [2]. COVID-19, however, appears to include an evolving set of clinical manifestation not previously reported in SARS and MERS, including stroke and cardiomyopathies associated with coagulopathy and vasculopathy, which can cause sudden death and other serious morbidities. Here, we provide the general context of the molecular and cellular mechanisms of SARS-CoV-2 infection, describe the vasculopathy and coagulopathy syndromes in patients with COVID-19, and outline current understanding of the underlying mechanistic aspects. It should be appreciated that this is a rapidly evolving field and that much is unknown about the distinctive epidemiology, clinical manifestations, and pathogenesis of these COVID-19 associated syndromes.Functions of the Angiotensin-Converting Enzyme 2 (ACE2)As discussed in Section 3, ACE2 is the primary cell surface receptor by which SARS-CoV-2 binds and enters cells. A consequence of SARS-CoV-2 infection is that ACE2 function is disrupted and this disruption contributes to the pathogenesis to COVID-19. To place this aspect of COVID-19 in an appropriate context, we will first review the molecular biology of ACE2. Human ACE2 is a transmembrane carboxypeptidase comprising a heavily glycosylated N-terminal ectodomain containing the enzymatic active site, a hydrophobic transmembrane domain, and a short intracellular C-terminal tail [6, 7] . ACE2 belongs to the family of angiotensin-converting enzymes, which are essential regulators of blood pressure, cardiac function, and fluid balance [6-10]. Angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) is also a member of this gene family [11] [12] [13] . ACE2 and ACE have different biochemical functions [14] . ACE2 converts angiotensin I into angiotensin 1-9, a peptide with nine amino acids without known biological function, which can be further converted by ACE into the shorter angiotensin peptide 1-7, which is a blood vessel dilator [7, 15, 16] . ACE can also convert angiotensin I into angiotensin II, a peptide with eight amino acids which is a potent blood vessel constrictor that increases blood pressure. In addition, ACE2 can directly process angiotensin II into angiotensin peptide 1-7 [15, 17] . Thus, whereas ACE produces angiotensin II, which induces vessel constriction and increases blood pressure, ACE2 is a physiological inhibitor of angiotensin II, and acts to reduce vasoconstriction and other biological activities induced by angiotensin II, as described in greater detail in Section 2.2.Most of the activity of ACE2 is modulated via regulation of its expression on the cell surface, where the extracellular enzyme (called an ectoenzyme) is exposed to circulating vasoactive peptides [18] . ACE2 can also undergo proteolytic shedding to generate a soluble, catalytically active form with no known physiologic function [15] . Soluble ACE2 is detected at low levels in normal plasma [7, [19] [20] [21] and at higher levels in the circulation of patients with hypertension [22], heart failure [23], severe respiratory syndrome [24], type1 diabetes [25] , and other conditions [26, 27] . Soluble ACE2 is also abnormally high in the cerebral spinal fluid of hypertensive patients [28] . Mechanistically, the shedding of ACE2 is attributed to the enzymatic activity of several members of the ""a disintegrin and metalloprotease"" (ADAM) family, particularly ADAM17/TNFα-converting enzyme (TACE), which is known to cleave several membrane-anchored proteins [28] . The biologically active, cell membrane-bound ADAM17/TACE also plays critical roles in the release of biologically active cytokines, such as TNFα and TGFα; chemokines, such as Fractalkine/CXC3CL1; cell adhesion molecules, such as ICAM-1; and receptors, such as IL-6R and IL15R [29] .Serum ACE2 levels are sex-dependent, with higher levels in males compared to females [25, 30, 31] , and are potentially influenced by the ACE2 gene location on the X chromosome, sex hormones, and genetic Cells 2020, 9, 1583 3 of 30 factors [20] . In addition, serum ACE2 levels do not directly reflect levels of tissue-bound ACE2; however, some studies have shown an inverse relationship between circulating and membrane-bound ACE2 [32, 33] .ACE2 mRNA is expressed in many human tissues [6, 34] , but most predominantly in the small intestine, testis, kidney, adipose tissue, and heart [35] . ACE2 protein has been identified by immunohistochemistry in the lung, alveolar epithelial cells [36] , the heart muscle and coronary endothelium [7, 16, 35] , the enterocytes of the small intestine at the brush border [36, 37] , the epithelium of stomach, duodenum and rectum [38] , the kidney tubular epithelium of the proximal tubules and intrarenal vessels [7, 14, 36, 39] and the basal layer of the epidermis [36] . Importantly, ACE2 protein has been visualized in the endothelial cells of capillaries, the small and large arteries and veins of numerous organs and in the arterial smooth muscle cells, which is consistent with low-level ACE2 mRNA detection in many tissues [6, 36, 40] .By indirectly and directly catalyzing the conversion of angiotensin I and angiotensin II to angiotensin 1-7, ACE2 antagonizes angiotensin II, attenuating the vasoconstrictive, pro-inflammatory, pro-apoptotic, pro-thrombotic, mitogenic, metabolic and other vascular effects of angiotensin II [41, 42] . The pro-inflammatory, hypertensive and other cardiovascular complications of excess angiotensin II are mediated by activation of the angiotensin II type 1 receptor (AT1R) [42, 43] . The vaso-protective functions of angiotensin 1-7 are mediated by activation of the G protein-coupled receptor Mas, which functionally operates as an antagonist of angiotensin II [44, 45] .Loss and gain-of-function experiments have shown that ACE2, through angiotensin 1-7, reduces endothelial cell production of reactive oxygen species, vascular adhesion molecule-1 (VCAM-1) and chemokine monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1/CCL2), and attenuates monocyte adhesion to endothelial cells and endothelial cell maturation into vascular structures [46] [47] [48] . Consistent with these observations, endothelial cells isolated from the aortas of ACE2 knockout mice displayed increased expression of inflammatory cytokines, including TNFα, IL-6 and MCP-1; adhesion molecules, including VCAM-1 and JAM-A; and the metalloproteases MMP-2 and MMP9 [49] . Similarly, bone marrow-derived monocyte/macrophages from ACE2 knockout mice showed increased expression of VCAM-1 and TNFα compared to controls [49] . In addition, thoracic aortic segments from ACE2 knockout mice displayed reduced relaxation in response acetylcholine [47] . When transduced into pulmonary microvascular endothelial cells, ACE2, through angiotensin 1-7, has been shown to reduce LPS-induced endothelial cell death and secretion of the pro-inflammatory TNFα and IL1β cytokines by inhibiting the JNK and NFκB pathways [50] .Consistent with these results, recombinant human ACE2 protected primary human endothelial cells from death induced by angiotensin II [51] , and stimulation of endogenous ACE2 in human coronary arterial endothelial cells inhibited NF-kB signaling and reduced TNFα activity [52] . Similarly, adenoviral transduction of ACE2 or administration of angiotensin 1-7 reduced reactive oxygen species (ROS) production in endothelial cells and rescued endothelial cell function in diabetic mice [53] . In a mouse model of bleomycin-induced acute lung injury, systemic treatment with recombinant human ACE2 reduced pulmonary levels of the pro-inflammatory cytokines IL-6, TNFα and CXCL1/NAP3 (neutrophil-activating protein-3) cytokines, attenuated VEGFA-induced vessel permeability in the lung, increased pro-survival BCL2 protein levels, and reduced lung cell death, which improved lung function [54] [55] [56] . Thus, ACE2 has a range of anti-hypertensive, anti-inflammatory and antioxidant effects that oppose those of angiotensin II in the vasculature.Angiotensin II-induced experimental hypertension is accompanied by increased thrombosis in large arteries [57] , arterioles [58] and other blood vessels [59, 60] . Thrombosis is a major complication of hypertension, which can be explained by several factors, including alterations in platelets, hypertension-related stress of cell components of the vessel wall, coagulation and fibrinolysis that promote a pro-thrombotic state [61, 62] . Angiotensin II has been implicated as a mediator of thrombosis associated with hypertension, in part because patients treated with ACE inhibitors and angiotensin II




The new coronavirus SARS-CoV-2 pandemic of early 2020 poses an enormous challenge to global public health. Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19) caused by the virus has spread rapidly throughout the world, taking thousands of lives in just over 2 months. It is critical to refine the incidence and mortality risks of COVID-19 for the effective management of the general public and patients during the outbreak. In this report, we investigate the incidence and mortality risks of the infection by analyzing the age composition of 5,319 infected patients, 76 fatal cases, and 1,144,648 individuals of the general public in China. Our results show a relatively low incidence risk for young people but a very high mortality risk for seniors. Notably, mortality risk could be as high as 0.48 for people older than 80 years. Furthermore, our study suggests that a good medical service can effectively reduce the mortality rate of the viral infection to 1% or less.




Aims: To assess the benefit of telemedicine consultation during the Covid-19 pandemic.Material and Methods: A prospective study of patient satisfaction with telemedicine consultation was carried out in the ENT department of a university hospital center where telemedicine consultations were set up to replace scheduled out-patient consultations. Patients were divided into two groups according to overall satisfaction, in order to identify predictive factors. The significance threshold was set at p<0.005. The main endpoint was patient satisfaction after an ENT telemedicine consultation during global lockdown. The secondary endpoint comprised predictive factors for overall satisfaction.Results: One hundred of the 125 patients with telemedicine consultation over a 7-day inclusion period completed the questionnaire. Overall satisfaction was 87%. There were no clinically relevant predictive factors significantly associated with satisfaction. Sound and video quality was satisfactory for 76% and 61% of patients respectively, without significant impact on overall satisfaction (respectively: OR = 3.40, p-value = 0.049; and OR = 3.79, p-value = 0.049). Lack of physical examination did not significantly correlate with reduced overall satisfaction (OR = 0.30, p-value = 0.027).Conclusion: Telemedicine consultation did not allow complete medical care but, in a difficult time like the global pandemic, was well accepted by patients. It is a simple way to maintain continuity of care while reducing contamination risk by avoiding direct contact between patients and healthcare professionals.






COVID-19 has a significant impact on public health and poses a challenge to medical staffs, especially to front-line medical staffs who are exposed to direct contact with patients. To understand the psychological stress status of medical staffs during the outbreak of COVID-19. Random sample questionnaire survey was conducted among 2110 medical staffs and 2158 college students in all provinces of china through a questionnaire which was compiled and completed through the Questionnaire Star platform relying on Wechat, QQ and other social software. The differences in psychological stress status of different groups were compared through This article is protected by copyright. All rights reserved.the analysis of the questionnaire. Results revealed that in all provinces of china, medical staffs scored significantly higher on all items of psychological stress than college students(P<0.001). In Wuhan, medical staff scored significantly higher than college students in all items of psychological stress(P<0.001). While for medical staff, the group in Wuhan area scored significantly higher than the group outside Wuhan on ""Thought of being in danger"", ""The possibility of self-illness"", ""Worrying about family infection""(P<0.05), ""Poor sleep quality"", ""Needing psychological guidance"" and ""Worrying about being infected""(P<0.01) items in the psychological stress questionnaire, and in the item of ""Confidence in the victory of the epidemic"", the group in Wuhan area scored significantly lower than the group in the area outside Wuhan(P<0.05). The emotion, cognition, physical and mental response of front-line medical staff showed obvious ""exposure effect"", and psychological crisis intervention strategy can be helpful.




This paper describes the increasing role of ontologies in the context of Grid computing for obtaining, comparing and analyzing distributed heterogeneous scientific data. In the communities of people committed to a common goal, the management of resources and services becomes very important. We chose the application domain of human disease research and control. A characteristic of the domain is that trusted databases exist but their schemas are often poorly or not documented. The network of biomedical databases forms a loose federation of autonomous, distributed, heterogeneous data repositories ripe for information integration. Grid services will provide a dynamic way to use resources in such a large distributed scientific environment while the use of ontology enables the system to carryout reasoning at 3 levels: a) available information in all Bio-Databases (Grid nodes) worldwide, b) reasoning about the retrievable information from each node, c) reasoning about the retrieved information and presenting it in a meaningful format for users. We adopted the ontology design methodology of DOGMA and developed Generic Human Disease Ontology (GenDO) that contains common general information regarding human diseases. The information is represented in 4 ""dimensions"": (a) disease types, (b) causes (c) symptoms and (d) treatments. We illustrate how this GenDO helps to produce Specific Human Disease Ontologies (SpeDO) on request. We show how the combination of two different but complementary techniques, namely Grid computing and ontology, results in a dynamic and intelligent information system. The two approaches together, being complementary, enable the system as a whole.Recent developments in integrating parallel and distributed computing, combined with improvements in overall network bandwidth have made it possible to add a new dimension to distributed computing: the Grid. Grid offers data management facilities and access to distributed resources by providing cross-institutional integration of information and resources in an environment. Grid means resource integration and collaboration [13] .






Background: The global COVID-19 pandemic has led to an urgent need for scalable methods for clinical diagnostics and viral tracking. Next generation sequencing technologies have enabled large-scale genomic surveillance of SARS-CoV-2 as thousands of isolates are being sequenced around the world and deposited in public data repositories. A number of methods using both short-and long-read technologies are currently being applied for SARS-CoV-2 sequencing, including amplicon approaches, metagenomic methods, and sequence capture or enrichment methods. Given the small genome size, the ability to sequence SARS-CoV-2 at scale is limited by the cost and labor associated with making sequencing libraries. Results: Here we describe a low-cost, streamlined, all amplicon-based method for sequencing SARS-CoV-2, which bypasses costly and time-consuming library preparation steps. We benchmark this tailed amplicon method against both the ARTIC amplicon protocol and sequence capture approaches and show that an optimized tailed amplicon approach achieves comparable amplicon balance, coverage metrics, and variant calls to the ARTIC v3 approach.Conclusions: The tailed amplicon method we describe represents a cost-effective and highly scalable method for SARS-CoV-2 sequencing.




When an infectious disease outbreak is detected or suspected, a healthcare facility's infection control personnel should be notified and an outbreak control team formed that is pertinent to the size and severity of the outbreak and healthcare facility. Management of an infectious disease outbreak in a middle-or low-income country is challenging. Costeffective recommendations that are easy to carry out and that have been stratified according to the type of infection and prevention and control intervention used are provided in this paper and constitute basic practices.




Neural networks are frequently applied to medical data. We describe how complex and imbalanced data can be modelled with simple but accurate neural networks that are transparent to the user. In the case of a data set on cervical cancer with 753 observations excluding, missing values, and 32 covariates, with a prevalence of 73 cases (9.69%), we explain how model selection can be applied to the Multi-Layer Perceptron (MLP) by deriving a representation using a General Additive Neural Network.The model achieves an AUROC of 0.621 CI [0.519,0.721] for predicting positive diagnosis with Schiller's test. This is comparable with the performance obtained by a deep learning network with an AUROC of 0.667 [1] . Instead of using all covariates, the Partial Response Network (PRN) involves just 2 variables, namely the number of years on Hormonal Contraceptives and the number of years using IUD, in a fully explained model. This is consistent with an additive non-linear statistical approach, the Sparse Additive Model [2] which estimates non-linear components in a logistic regression classifier using the backfitting algorithm applied to an ANOVA functional expansion. This paper shows how the PRN, applied to a challenging classification task, can provide insights into the influential variables, in this case correlated with incidence of cervical cancer, so reducing the number of unnecessary variables to be collected for screening. It does so by exploiting the efficiency of sparse statistical models to select features from an ANOVA decomposition of the MLP, in the process deriving a fully interpretable model.




Dengue virus (DENV) infection is the most prevalent mosquito-borne viral infection and can lead to severe dengue hemorrhagic fever (DHF) and even life-threatening dengue shock syndrome (DSS). Although the cytokine storm has been revealed as a critical factor in dengue disease, the limited understanding of dengue immunopathogenesis hinders the development of effective treatments. Macrophage migration inhibitory factor (MIF) is a pleiotropic proinflammatory cytokine that mediates diverse immune responses, and the serum level of MIF positively correlates with disease severity in patients with dengue. MIF is involved in DENV replication and many pathological changes, such as vascular leakage, during DENV infection. In this paper, the pathogenic roles of MIF and the regulation of MIF secretion during DENV infection are reviewed. Furthermore, whether MIF is a potential therapeutic target against DENV infection is also discussed.Microorganisms 2020, 8, 891 2 of 16 and the treatment for hospitalized dengue patients is still supportive care and fluid replacement [6] . As a result, it is important to further understand the pathogenesis of dengue to develop an effective treatment against DENV infection.DENV is an enveloped positive-stranded RNA virus that contains three structural proteins in the mature virion: envelope (E), membrane (M) and capsid (C). Based on antigenic differences in the E protein, DENV can be divided into four different serotypes (DENV1, DENV2, DENV3, and DENV4). During the initial step of DENV infection, an infectious virion enters the cell via attachment to a distinct cell surface receptor, such as DC-SIGN, GRP78, mannose receptor, heparan sulfate, TIM receptors, and Claudin-1 [7]. Upon internalization by receptor-mediated endocytosis, the low pH environment triggers a conformational change in the E dimer and fusion with the endosomal membrane, which is followed by uncoating of the nucleocapsid and release of the viral genome into the cytoplasm. The viral RNA is translated into a single polyprotein that is associated with the endoplasmic reticulum (ER) and processed into three structural proteins, as well as seven nonstructural (NS) proteins (NS1, NS2A, NS2B, NS3, NS4A, NS4B, and NS5), by viral and cellular proteases. Upon polyprotein translation and folding of each viral protein, the NS proteins facilitate replication of the viral genome. Newly synthesized RNA is packaged into a nucleocapsid and covered by a precursor membrane (prM)/E heterodimer. The virion assembles in the ER and transits to the Golgi. During the viral maturation process, prM is cleaved into M by the cellular endoprotease furin in the acidic secretory system. After dissociation of the Pr peptide, mature virions that are able to infect new cells are exocytosed [8] .The antibody-dependent enhancement (ADE) theory of dengue pathogenesis was first proposed by Halstead in 1977 [9] to explain the phenomenon in which secondary infection with different serotypes of DENV may cause more severe disease development. According to the ADE theory, antibodies (Abs) stimulated by the primary infection can only partially bind to different serotypes of DENV (heterotypic DENV virion) and cannot fully neutralize infection. Instead, these subneutralizing Abs facilitate viral entry by binding with Fc receptors on immune cells, which results in robust infection. However, not all severe dengue cases are secondary DENV infections. On the other hand, virus virulence theory has been proposed to explain the occurrence of DHF/DSS might correlate with the introduction of more virulent DENV strains in distinct areas [10] [11] [12] . Yet, age has also been indicated to influence the disease severity independent of virus virulence in some studies [13, 14] . Therefore, the interplay of viral and host factors may be crucial determinants of severe dengue development.The association of cytokines in dengue patients with severe dengue has been widely studied [15] . Furthermore, cytokine storms have been found in patients with severe dengue who show high levels of cytokines and chemokines in circulation, accompanied by vascular leakage, hemorrhagic symptoms, and shock [16, 17] . During the early febrile phase, the first wave of antiviral cytokines, such as type I interferon (IFN), and proinflammatory cytokines, such as macrophage migration inhibitory factor (MIF), monocyte chemotactic protein 1 (MCP-1), interleukin (IL)-6, and IL-8, are produced by initially exposed cells, such as epidermal dendritic cells and endothelial cells, and these factors can be released immediately [15, [18] [19] [20] [21] . Subsequently, cytokine-induced innate immune cells, such as natural killer (NK) cells and invariant NKT cells, can secrete IL-15 or IFN-γ and IL-4, which recruit more adaptive immune cells and induce cytokine release [22, 23] . At the time of plasma leakage, elevated levels of permeability-enhancing factors, tumor necrosis factor-α (TNF-α) and vascular endothelial growth factor-A (VEGFA) are found in severe dengue patients and contribute to three main pathological features: plasma leakage, hemorrhage and coagulopathy [24, 25] . However, it is unclear which proinflammatory cytokines dominate the cytokine storm upon DENV infection. Among these cytokines, MIF is the only cytokine that is preformed inside cells and can be secreted very early during infection. Additionally, MIF can promote the synthesis of proinflammatory cytokines, such as TNF, IFN-γ, IL-1β, IL-2, , to further amplify the production of other proinflammatory cytokines. Therefore, in this review, we will focus on the pathogenic roles of MIF during DENV infection and discuss whether it can be a therapeutic target against DENV infection.




More than one hundred vaccines against SARS-CoV-2 have been developed and some of them have entered clinical trials, but the latest results revealed that these vaccines still face great challenges. Here, we developed a novel cell-based gp96-Ig-secreting chimeric vaccine which is composed of two viral antigens, the RBD of spike protein, and a truncated nucleocapsid protein that could induce epitope-specific cytotoxic T lymphocytes but low antibody response. Syrian hamsters immunized with the cell-based vaccine produced high level of SARS-CoV-2 specific NAbs and specific T cell immunity which could eliminate RBD-truncated N-expressing cells, without the induction of antibody against N protein and other observed toxicity. This study provides a proof of concept for clinical testing of this safe, effective and cost-effective vaccine against SARS-CoV2 infection.




Single-sided natural ventilation was numerically investigated to determine the impact of buoyancy and wind on the cross-transmission of pollution by considering six window types commonly found in multistory buildings. The goal of this study was to predict the gaseous pollutant transmission using computational fluid dynamics based on the Reynolds-averaged Navier-Stokes equations and baseline k-ω turbulence equations. The results indicated that ventilation rates generally increased with increasing wind speeds if the effects of buoyancy and wind were not suppressed; however, the re-entry ratio representing the proportion of expelled air re-entering other floors and the corresponding risk of infection decreased. If the source of the virus was on a central floor, the risk of infection was the highest on the floors closest to the source. Different window types were also considered for determining their effectiveness in controlling cross-transmission and infection risk, depending on the source location and driving force (e.g., buoyancy and wind).





The 2014-2015 outbreak of the Ebola virus disease (EVD) in West Africa has been considered a major global health emergency by the WHO. Implications for health care providers including oral and maxillo-facial surgeons have been published by the WHO, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (USA), and other medical societies and public health organizations. While the risk of infection with the Ebola virus seems to be rather small in Europe, maxillo-facial and plastic surgeons often travel to Africa to treat patients with facial burns, cleft-lip and palate, and noma. The likelihood of an encounter with patients infected by Ebola virus in subsaharan and West Africa, therefore, has increased during the last 2 years. The purpose of this short overview was to summarize the virology of the Ebola virus, transmission, epidemiology, clinical features, oral manifestations, treatment, and possible implications for maxillo-facial surgeons of EDV.




The Stockholm region was the first area in Sweden to be hit by the pandemic caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2). Our national guidelines regarding care of women with positive test for SARS-CoV-2 (detection with polymerase chain reaction) recommend individualized antenatal care, mode of delivery based on obstetric considerations, and no routine separation of the mother and newborn after birth.Breastfeeding is encouraged, and although there is no specific recommendation on wearing a face mask to prevent viral transmission to the newborn while nursing, instructions are given to keep high hygiene standards. All studies based on cases tested due to hospital admittance, including our, will capture more women with pregnancy complications than in the general population. Our aim was to describe the clinical characteristics in 67 SARS-CoV-2 positive women and their 68 neonates, and to report short-term maternal and neonate outcomes.A retrospective case series with data from medical records including all test-positive women (n=67) who gave birth from March 19 to April 26, 2020 in Stockholm, Sweden. Means, proportions and percentages were calculated for characteristics and outcomes.The mean age was 32 years, 40% were nulliparous, and 61% were overweight or obese.Further, 15% had diabetes and 21% a hypertensive disease. 70% of the women had a vaginal birth.Preterm delivery occurred in 19% of the women. The preterm deliveries were mostly medically indicated, including two women who were delivered preterm due to severe coronavirus disease 19 illness, corresponding to 15% of the preterm births. Four women (6%) were admitted to intensive care unit postpartum. Three neonates were PCR-positive for SARS-CoV-2 after birth.In this case series of 67 test-positive women with clinical presentation ranging from asymptomatic to manifest COVID-19 disease few women presented with severe COVID-19 illness, a majority had a vaginal birth at term with a healthy neonate that were test-negative for SARS-CoV-2.The majority of test-positive women had a vaginal birth at term with a healthy neonate who tested negative for SARS-CoV-2. One of five neonates were born preterm, mostly moderately or late preterm. The majority of the preterm births were iatrogenic.








This paper describes the molecular detection of respiratory viruses from nasopharyngeal flocked swabs (flocked swabs) and nasopharyngeal washes (washes) in a clinical setting. Washes and flocked swabs collected from children < 3 years old hospitalized with a lower respiratory tract infection were tested for parainfluenza virus 1-3, respiratory syncytial virus, influenza A and B and metapneumovirus (Group 1) and adenovirus, rhinovirus and coronavirus (Group 2) using realtime reverse transcriptase PCR (rRT-PCR). A consensuses standard was used to determine sensitivity and compare cycle thresholds (C T ) of washes and flocked swabs for each virus and group of viruses. Sensitivities ranged from 79 to 89% and 69 to 94% for flocked swabs and washes, respectively, excluding AdV which had a sensitivity of 35% for flocked swabs. When the flocked swabs and washes of Group 1 viruses were collected on the day of admission, the sensitivity of both sample types was 100%. Wash specimens had a lower C T value and higher sensitivity than flocked swabs; however there was no statistical difference in the sensitivity of a flocked swab (89%) versus wash (93%) for the detection of Group 1 viruses, particularly when samples were collected on the same day. Flocked swabs may be a useful alternative to washes for detection of respiratory viruses in clinical settings.




Turnip crinkle virus (TCV) is associated with satellite (sat) RNAs (sat-RNA D, sat-RNA F), defective interfering (DI) RNAs (DI RNA G, DlI RNA), and one RNA with properties of both sat-RNAs and DI RNAs (sat-RNA C). When plants were inoculated with TCV, sat-RNA D and in vitro sat-RNA C transcripts containing non-viable mutations in the 5' domain, recombinant sat-RNAs were recovered. These recombinants were composed of sat-RNA D at the 5' end and sat-RNA C sequences at the 3' end. Analysis of 20 independent recombination junctions revealed that unequal crossing-over had occurred in planta in a region of sequence similarity between the two sat-RNAs which resulted in the duplication of 3-16 nucleotides. Thirty percent of the sat-RNA recombinants also had one to three additional nucleotides inserted at the crossover junctions which did not correspond to either sat-RNA C or sat-RNA D sequence. The right side of the recombination junctions always began with one of three consecutive nucleotides of sat-RNA C. Based on the similarity between this sequence of sat-RNA C, the right side junction of DI RNA G and the 5' end of TCV, as well as the sequence similarity between right side junctions of DlI RNA and sat-RNA C and the 5' end of the sat-RNAs, a replicase-driven copy choice mechanism is proposed. The replicase, while replicating viral or subviral minus strands, can dissociate from the template along with the nascent plus strand and reinitiate synthesis at one of two internal replicase recognition sequences on the same or different template thus generating recombinant sat-RNAs or DI RNAs.




Biological systems use complex 'information processing cores' composed of molecular networks to coordinate their external environment and internal states. An example of this is the acquired, or adaptive, immune system (AIS), which is composed of both humoral and cell-mediated components. Here we report the step-by-step construction of a prototype mimic of the AIS which we call Adaptive Immune Response Simulator (AIRS). DNA and enzymes are used as simple artificial analogues of the components of the AIS to create a system which responds to specific molecular stimuli in vitro. We show that this network of reactions can function in a manner which is superficially similar to the most basic responses of the vertebrate acquired immune system, including reaction sequences that mimic both humoral and cellular responses. As such, AIRS provides guidelines for the design and engineering of artificial reaction networks and molecular devices.All organisms, including plants, have developed mechanisms of defense against pathogenic and other challenges, thus solving a key biological problem: survival. A stunning example of this in human is the development of learned, or acquired, immunity, which is composed of both humoral and cell-mediated components. Adaptive immunity involves the production of Reprints and permission information is available at www.nature.com/reprints.





repositories, such as the WHO COVID database with rights for unrestricted research re-use and analyses in any form or by any means with acknowledgement of the original source. These permissions are granted for free by Elsevier for as long as the COVID-19 resource centre remains active. pathologie infectieuse 129 Petit manuel de survie en médecine intensive-réanimation





Uses of viral vectors have thus far eclipsed uses of non-viral vectors for gene therapy delivery in the clinic. Viral vectors, however, have certain issues involving genome integration, the inability to be delivered repeatedly, and possible host rejection. Fortunately, development of non-viral DNA vectors has progressed steadily, especially in plasmid vector length reduction, now allowing these tools to fill in specifically where viral or other non-viral vectors may not be the best options. In this review, we examine the improvements made to non-viral DNA gene therapy vectors, highlight opportunities for their further development, address therapeutic needs for which their use is the logical choice, and discuss their future expansion into the clinic.




Objectives To evaluate the prevalence of acute pulmonary embolism (APE) in non-hospitalized COVID-19 patients referred to CT pulmonary angiography (CTPA) by the emergency department. Methods From March 14 to April 6, 2020, 72 non-hospitalized patients referred by the emergency department to CTPA for COVID-19 pneumonia were retrospectively identified. Relevant clinical and laboratory data and CT scan findings were collected for each patient. CTPA scans were reviewed by two radiologists to determinate the presence or absence of APE. Clinical classification, lung involvement of COVID-19 pneumonia, and CT total severity score were compared between APE group and non-APE group.Results APE was identified in 13 (18%) CTPA scans. The mean age and D-dimer of patients from the APE group were higher in comparison with those from the non-APE group (74.4 vs. 59.6 years, p = 0.008, and 7.29 vs. 3.29 μg/ml, p = 0.011). There was no significant difference between APE and non-APE groups concerning clinical type, COVID-19 pneumonia lung lesions (ground-glass opacity: 85% vs. 97%; consolidation: 69% vs. 68%; crazy paving: 38% vs. 37%; linear reticulation: 69% vs. 78%), CT severity score (6.3 vs. 7.1, p = 0.365), quality of CTPA (1.8 vs. 2.0, p = 0.518), and pleural effusion (38% vs. 19%, p = 0.146). Conclusions Non-hospitalized patients with COVID-19 pneumonia referred to CT scan by the emergency departments are at risk of APE. The presence of APE was not limited to severe or critical clinical type of COVID-19 pneumonia. Key Points • Acute pulmonary embolism was found in 18% of non-hospitalized COVID-19 patients referred by the emergency department to CTPA. Two (15%) patients had main, four (30%) lobar, and seven (55%) segmental acute pulmonary embolism. • Five of 13 (38%) patients with acute pulmonary embolism had a moderate clinical type.• Severity and radiological features of COVID-19 pneumonia showed no significant difference between patients with or without acute pulmonary embolism.





acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) 1 has become a global pandemic. The presence of SARS-CoV-2 in patients with COVID-19 is usually confirmed using real-time reversetranscriptase polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) method. 2 Our hospital previously reported four cases of recurrent positive RT-PCR test results in healthcare providers recovered from COVID-19. 3 It is still unknown to what extend this problem occurs and why it happens. Many also believe that people who have had COVID-19 and been tested positive for immunoglobulin G (IgG) antibodies for SARS-CoV-2 may show that as an immune certificate and return to normal life. We assessed the rate of recurrent positive RT-PCR test results for SARS-CoV-2 in patients who were recovering from COVID-19 and the results of their immunoglobulin M (IgM)/IgG tests 4 for SARS-CoV-2. We used data from 150 patients who were recovering from COVID-19 and received RT-PCR tests and IgM/IgG rapid tests for SARS-CoV-2 in Zhongnan . Patients who were recovering from COVID-19 had two consecutively negative RT-PCR test results separated by at least 24 hours. Methods for RT-PCR test for SARS-CoV-2 in throat swabs and serum IgM/IgG rapid test were previously described. 3,5 Serum IgM and IgG antibodies to SARS-CoV-2 were measured with COVID-19 IgM/IgG chemiluminescence test kit on a fully-automated chemiluminescence immunoassay analyzer. The test kit contained recombinant SARS-CoV-2 antigen (spike protein and nucleocapsid protein) labeled with magnetic beads, anti-human IgM monoclonal antibody, and anti-human IgG monoclonal antibody. Data were collected from electronic medical records. The study was approved by the institutional ethics board at Zhongnan Hospital. Requirement for written informed consent was waived. Age and days from symptom onset to test were reported as 2 to 3 months after initial infection, according to the National Health Commission, China. SARS-CoV-2 virus was detected in the throat swabs, which strongly suggests that those patients can still shed SARS-CoV-2 virus 6 and are infectious. Additionally, those patients all had IgG antibodies to SARS-CoV-2, which casts doubts on the protective role of IgG antibodies against this virus and the validity of using positive IgG test results as an immune certificate for COVID-19. Our findings suggest that some of those with positive IgG test results may be tested positive again for SARS-CoV-2 in their throat swabs and thus infectious after two consecutive negative tests for SARS-CoV-2. These findings have important implications for public health and management of recovered patients with COVID-19 around the world.




Background: Vesicular stomatitis virus (VSV) is the prototypic rhabdovirus and the best studied member of the order Mononegavirales. There is now compelling evidence that enveloped virions released from infected cells carry numerous host (cellular) proteins some of which may play an important role in viral replication. Although several cellular proteins have been previously shown to be incorporated into VSV virions, no systematic study has been done to reveal the host protein composition for virions of VSV or any other member of Mononegavirales.Here we used a proteomics approach to identify cellular proteins within purified VSV virions, thereby creating a ""snapshot"" of one stage of virus/host interaction that can guide future experiments aimed at understanding molecular mechanisms of virus-cell interactions. Highly purified preparations of VSV virions from three different cell lines of human, mouse and hamster origin were analyzed for the presence of cellular proteins using mass spectrometry. We have successfully confirmed the presence of several previously-identified cellular proteins within VSV virions and identified a number of additional proteins likely to also be present within the virions. In total, sixty-four cellular proteins were identified, of which nine were found in multiple preparations. A combination of immunoblotting and proteinase K protection assay was used to verify the presence of several of these proteins (integrin 1, heat shock protein 90 kDa, heat shock cognate 71 kDa protein, annexin 2, elongation factor 1a) within the virions.Conclusion: This is, to our knowledge, the first systematic study of the host protein composition for virions of VSV or any other member of the order Mononegavirales. Future experiments are needed to determine which of the identified proteins have an interaction with VSV and whether these interactions are beneficial, neutral or antiviral with respect to VSV replication. Identification of host proteins-virus interactions beneficial for virus would be particularly exciting as they can provide new ways to combat viral infections via control of host components.The order Mononegavirales contains four families (Rhabdoviridae, Paramyxoviridae, Filoviridae and Bornaviridae), which include many lethal human pathogens (e.g. rabies, Ebola, and Hendra viruses); highly prevalent human pathogens, such as the respiratory syncytial and parainflu-




Apart from direct detection of the infecting organisms or biomarker of the pathogen itself, surrogate host markers are also useful for sensitive and early diagnosis of pathogenic infections. Early detection of pathogenic infections, discrimination among closely related diseases with overlapping clinical manifestations, and monitoring of disease progression can be achieved by analyzing blood biomarkers. Therefore, over the last decade large numbers of proteomics studies have been conducted to identify differentially expressed human serum/plasma proteins in different infectious diseases with the intent of discovering novel potential diagnostic/prognostic biomarkers. However, in-depth review of the literature indicates that many reported biomarkers are altered in the same way in multiple infectious diseases, regardless of the type of infection. This might be a consequence of generic acute phase reactions, while the uniquely modulated candidates in different pathogenic infections could be indicators of some specific responses. In this review article, we will provide a comprehensive analysis of differentially expressed serum/plasma proteins in various infectious diseases and categorize the protein markers associated with generic or specific responses. The challenges associated with the discovery, validation, and translational phases of serum/plasma biomarker establishment are also discussed.




In recent months, the world has suffered from the appearance of a new strain of coronavirus, causing the COVID-19 pandemic. There are great scientific efforts to find new treatments and vaccines, at the same time that governments, companies, and individuals have taken a series of actions in response to this pandemic. These efforts seek to decrease the speed of propagation, although with significant social and economic costs. Countries have taken different actions, also with different results. In this article we use non-parametric techniques (HT and MST) with the aim of identifying groups of countries with a similar spread of the coronavirus. The variable of interest is the number of daily infections per country. Results show that there are groups of countries with differentiated contagion dynamics, both in the number of contagions plus at the time of the greatest transmission of the disease. It is concluded that the actions taken by the countries, the speed at which they were taken and the number of tests carried out may explain part of the differences in the dynamics of contagion.





In early 2020, cities across China enacted strict social distancing measures to contain emerging coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreaks. We estimated the speed with which these measures contained community transmission in each of 58 Chinese cities. On average, containment was achieved 7.83 days (SD 6.79 days) after the implementation of social distancing interventions, with an average reduction in the reproduction number ( R t ) of 54.3% (SD 17.6%) over that time period. A single day delay in the implementation of social distancing led to a 2.41 (95% CI: 0.97, 3.86) day delay in containment. Swift social distancing interventions may thus achieve rapid containment of newly emerging COVID-19 outbreaks.




Intensive care unit-acquired weakness (ICUAW) occurs in critically ill patients stemming from the critical illness itself, and results in sustained disability long after the ICU stay. Weakness can be attributed to muscle wasting, impaired contractility, neuropathy, and major pathways associated with muscle protein degradation such as the ubiquitin proteasome system and dysregulated autophagy. Furthermore, it is characterized by the preferential loss of myosin, a distinct feature of the condition. While many risk factors for ICUAW have been identified, effective interventions to offset these changes remain elusive. In addition, our understanding of the mechanisms underlying the long-term, sustained weakness observed in a subset of patients after discharge is minimal. Herein, we discuss the various proposed pathways involved in the pathophysiology of ICUAW, with a focus on the mechanisms underpinning skeletal muscle wasting and impaired contractility, and the animal models used to study them. Furthermore, we will explore the contributions of inflammation, steroid use, and paralysis to the development of ICUAW and how it pertains to those with the corona virus disease of 2019 (COVID-19). We then elaborate on interventions tested as a means to offset these decrements in muscle function that occur as a result of critical illness, and we propose new strategies to explore the molecular mechanisms of ICUAW, including serum-related biomarkers and 3D human skeletal muscle culture models. * All includes neuromuscular blocking agents + mechanical ventilation + corticosteroids + sepsis. ICUAW triggers and interventions listed are in addition to immobilization induced by sedation/anesthesia.




Prompted by an application in the area of human geography using machine learning to study housing market valuation based on the urban form, we propose a method based on possibility theory to deal with sparse data, which can be combined with any machine learning method to approach weakly supervised learning problems. More specifically, the solution we propose constructs a possibilistic loss function to account for an uncertain supervisory signal. Although the proposal is illustrated on a specific application, its basic principles are general. The proposed method is then empirically validated on real-world data.




Objectives: Due to the time and cost effectiveness, online teaching has played a significant role in the provision of education and has been a well-accepted strategy for higher education in the world. The aim of this study was to survey the current online undergraduate education status in dental medicine in mainland China during the critical stage of the COVID-19 outbreak, as well to provide a better understanding of practicing this learning strategy for the improvement and development of dental education.Methods: For the cross-sectional survey, recruitment emails regarding to the implementation of online education were sent to 42 dental colleges and universities in mainland China between March and April 2020. Results: Ninety-seven percent of the respondents have opened online courses during COVID-19 pandemic in China, 74% of which chose live broadcast as the major teaching way. As compared with theoretical courses, fewer specialized practical curriculums were set up online with a lower satisfaction from students in most dental schools. For the general evaluation of online learning from students of different dental schools, the ""online learning content"" received the highest support, while the ""interaction between teachers and students"" showed the lowest satisfaction. Most schools reported that the difficulty in assurance of students' learning motivation was the main problem in online education. Conclusions: Our findings indicate the necessity and efficacy of the overall online teaching for dental education during the epidemic that can be further improved with the education model and pedagogical means to boost the informationization of dental education for future reference.




The major histocompatibility complex class Ib protein, Qa-1 b , serves as a ligand for murine CD94/NKG2A natural killer (NK) cell inhibitory receptors. The Qa-1 b peptide-binding site is predominantly occupied by a single nonameric peptide, Qa-1 determinant modifier (Qdm), derived from the leader sequence of H-2D and L molecules. Five anchor residues were identified in this study by measuring the peptide-binding affinities of substituted Qdm peptides in experiments with purified recombinant Qa-1 b . A candidate peptide-binding motif was determined by sequence analysis of peptides eluted from Qa-1 that had been folded in the presence of random peptide libraries or pools of Qdm derivatives randomized at specific anchor positions. The results indicate that Qa-1 b can bind a diverse repertoire of peptides but that Qdm has an optimal primary structure for binding Qa-1 b . Flow cytometry experiments with Qa-1 b tetramers and NK target cell lysis assays demonstrated that CD94/NKG2A discriminates between Qa-1 b complexes containing peptides with substitutions at nonanchor positions P4, P5, or P8. Our findings suggest that it may be difficult for viruses to generate decoy peptides that mimic Qdm and raise the possibility that competitive replacement of Qdm with other peptides may provide a novel mechanism for activation of NK cells.






Background: Serology tests can identify previous infections and facilitate estimation of the number of total infections. However, immunoglobulins targeting severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) have been reported to wane below the detectable level of serological assays. We estimate the cumulative incidence of SARS-CoV-2 infection from serology studies, accounting for expected levels of antibody acquisition (seroconversion) and waning (seroreversion), and apply this framework using data from New York City (NYC) and Connecticut. Methods: We estimated time from seroconversion to seroreversion and infection fatality ratio (IFR) using mortality data from March-October 2020 and population-level cross-sectional seroprevalence data from April-August 2020 in NYC and Connecticut. We then estimated the daily seroprevalence and cumulative incidence of SARS-CoV-2 infection. Findings: The estimated average time from seroconversion to seroreversion was 3-4 months. The estimated IFR was 1.1% (95% credible interval: 1.0-1.2%) in NYC and 1.4% (1.1-1.7%) in Connecticut. The estimated daily seroprevalence declined after a peak in the spring. The estimated cumulative incidence reached 26.8% (24.2-29.7%) and 8.8% (7.1-11.3%) at the end of September in NYC and Connecticut, higher than maximum seroprevalence measures (22.1% and 6.1%), respectively. Interpretation: The cumulative incidence of SARS-CoV-2 infection is underestimated using cross-sectional serology data without adjustment for waning antibodies. Our approach can help quantify the magnitude of underestimation and adjust estimates for waning antibodies.




31 SARS-CoV-2 first emerged in the human population in late 2019 in Wuhan, China, and in a matter of 32 months, spread across the globe resulting in the Coronavirus Disease 19 (COVID-19) pandemic and 33 substantial economic fallout. SARS-CoV-2 is transmitted between humans via respiratory particles, with 34 infection presenting a spectrum of clinical manifestations ranging from asymptomatic to respiratory 35 failure with multiorgan dysfunction and death in severe cases. Prior experiences with human pathogenic 36 coronaviruses and respiratory virus diseases in general have revealed an important role for cellular 37 immunity in limiting disease severity. Here, we review some of the key mechanisms underlying cell-38 mediated immunity to respiratory viruses and summarize our current understanding of the functional 39 capacity and role of SARS-CoV-2-specific T cells following natural infection and vaccination. 40 41 Role of T cells in respiratory infection 42 Conventional T cells are phenotypically and functionally diverse and have a critical role in long-lasting 43 protection conferred by immune memory. CD8 + cytotoxic T lymphocytes (CTL) in the respiratory tract44 blunt virus replication by directly killing infected cells, and secrete antiviral cytokines including IFN-γ 45 and TNF-α. CD4 + T helper cells convey a multiplicity of functions key to coordinating and regulating 46 antiviral immunity. Through provision of soluble mediators and co-stimulation, CD4 + T follicular helper 47 (T FH ) cells determine the development of high-affinity neutralizing antibodies and germinal center B cell 48 differentiation into memory and long-lived antibody secreting cells (reviewed in [1,2]). CD4 + T cells also 49 promote CD8 + T cell activation and the formation of memory cells via chemotactic recruitment and 50 CD40-mediated ""licensing"" of dendritic cells (DC) ([3-6] and reviewed in [7]). Memory CD4 + T cells in 51 the lung facilitate early virus control through recruitment of immune effectors by T H 1 cytokine-dependent 52and independent mechanisms [8][9][10]. Induced by infection, CD4 + ThCTL in the lung exert MHC class-II 53 restricted cytotoxicity and IFN-γ-producing, cytotoxic CD4 + T cells from circulation have been associated 54 with protection to influenza in humans [11,12]. Through a wide variety of effector mechanisms, virus-55 specific CD4 + and CD8 + T cells eliminate infected cells, control the inflammatory milieu, and facilitate 56 the optimization of the humoral response.Murine models are often used to demonstrate mechanisms of T cell-based protection from viral 59 replication and disease. While mice are not a natural host for human coronaviruses (hCoV), passage or 60 structure-guided viral adaptation, and careful host strain selection allow for the study of virus-mediated 61 pathology [13,14]. In the absence of CD4 + T and B cells, memory CD8 + T cells elicited to an 62 immunodominant epitope in the spike (S) protein produced multiple effector cytokines including IFN-γ, 63 TNF-α, IL-2, and granzyme B (GzmB), exhibited in vivo cytotoxicity, and reduced viral loads following 64 J o u r n a l P r e -p r o o f 3 lethal Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS)-CoV challenge [15]. During primary SARS-CoV 65 infection, CD4 + T cells mediate virus control and impact disease progression. Aged BALB/c mice 66 depleted of CD4 + T cells experienced enhanced cytokine production and respiratory disease, delayed 67 SARS-CoV clearance from the lungs, and reduced neutralizing antibody titers and pulmonary influx of 68 lymphocytes [16]. Nucleocapsid (N)-specific airway memory CD4 + T cells generated by intranasal 69 vaccination efficiently protected against lethal disease through rapid production of IFN-γ. Airway 70 depletion of CD4 + cells and IFN-γ decreased survival and resulted in increased pathological changes in 71 the lungs. Furthermore, airway CD4 + T cell-derived IFN-γ was required for optimal respiratory DC 72 maturation and migration to the draining mediastinal lymph node. Finally, airway CD4 + T cell derived 73 IFN-γ promoted CXCR3-dependent T cell mobilization to the lungs [17], consistent with models 74 described for other viruses and sites of infection [18-20]. Taken together, murine studies of pathogenic 75 coronavirus infection largely demonstrate a protective role for T cells and suggest that SARS-CoV-2-76 specific CD4 + and CD8 + T cells will control virus replication and moderate the pathology associated with 77 COVID-19.78 79 Specificity, phenotype, and functional capacity of SARS-CoV-2 T cells 80 The significance of T cells in human immunity to SARS-CoV-2 may be inferred from case studies of 81 COVID-19 patients with agammaglobulinemia. Although limited to only a few documented cases, 82 COVID-19 patients with X-linked or autosomal recessive agammaglobulinemia were able to recover from 83 infection without oxygen ventilation or intensive care, suggesting that while B cells and antibodies are 84 critical for preventing infection or reducing inoculum size, T cell responses may be sufficient to clear 85 infection with minimal disease [21,22]. 86 87 Lymphopenia is commonly noted in COVID-19 patients, especially in severe cases [23-28], with some 88 evidence of an inverse correlation between T cell abundance and disease severity [29-32] and age [30], 89 and more pronounced decreases of CD8 + T cells [26]. In mild cases, higher CD8 + /CD4 + T cell ratios were 90 observed [33], whereas the opposite trend was found in severe cases [23,26]. Elevated neutrophil/T cell 91 ratios were also found in severe COVID-19 samples compared to healthy donors, moderate, and 92 recovered cases, and were positively correlated with higher Acute Physiology And Chronic Health 93 Evaluation (APACHE) III scores. In the aged (≥ 65), a scarcity of naïve T cells, coupled with virus-94 induced lymphopenia has been strongly associated with poor disease outcomes, possibly contributing to 95 delayed and/or uncoordinated adaptive immune responses [34]. Collectively, these observations indicate 96 that differences in peripheral blood immune cell composition may be prognostic of severe COVID-19 97 [32,35]. The clinical relevance of lower T cell counts in circulation across disease states remains unclear 98 J o u r n a l P r e -p r o o f 4 however, and may in part reflect margination or recruitment and sequestration of activated cells in lung 99 tissue to combat infection [36,37], activation-induced cell death in lymphoid organs [38], and/or 100 dysregulation of antigen presenting cells [39,40]. 101 102 Several studies using IFN-γ enzyme-linked immunosorbent spot (ELISpot), intracellular cytokine staining 103 (ICS), and/or activation-induced marker (AIM) assays have demonstrated that CD4 + and CD8 + T cell 104 responses to SARS-CoV-2 are readily detectable (80-100% and 70-80%, respectively) in the majority of 105 PBMCs from adult COVID-19 patient samples ranging in disease severity. Broad specificity to structural 106 and non-structural proteins (NSPs) was found, and immunodominance was generally associated with 107 protein abundance [23,34,41-47]. For both CD4 + and CD8 + T cells, responses to S, membrane (M), and N 108 structural and accessory proteins appear dominant, with subdominant responses to ORF 1ab-encoded 109 NSPs. Based on varying results however, how T cell specificity, magnitude, and kinetics relate to disease 110 severity is not yet fully understood [43,45,48].Pre-existing, cross-reactive T cells have the capacity for accelerating virus clearance with improved 113 clinical outcomes following infection [49]. Thus, tremendous interest in the potential for T cell cross-114 reactivity between human circulating ""common cold"" coronaviruses (OC43, HKU1, NL63, and 229E) 115 and SARS-CoV-2 has been explored. Reactivity to SARS-CoV-2 S and non-S peptide pools has been 116 found in 20-50% of unexposed donors from across the globe, albeit of lower magnitude compared to 117 COVID-19 samples and predominantly within the CD4 + compartment [23,31,42,44,[50][51][52]. In one study, 118 a high degree of epitope homology (~67%) between SARS-CoV-2 and other hCoVs resulted in cross-119 reactivity in 57% of cases (21/37) [52]. In another study, S-specific responses in individuals not exposed 120 to SARS-CoV-2 were largely derived from the C-terminus in the S2 subcomponent or stem region, which 121 has higher homology to endemic hCoVs [44]. T cells to SARS-CoV have been detected in humans more 122 than 10 years after infection, demonstrating the capacity for generating virus-specific memory T cells that 123 theoretically could be recruited into the SARS-CoV-2 response following infection [47,53]. Responses to 124 a NSP7 epitope conserved in animal betacoronaviruses have also been described, suggesting additional 125 sources of cross-reactivity [47]. Cross-reactive T cells have not been identified in all studies, however; 126 Peng et al [33] found no evidence of cross-reactivity in SARS-CoV-2-naïve subjects, possibly reflecting 127 differences in experimental conditions, prevalence of particular HLA genotypes, and exposure history to 128 hCoVs. Prospective studies comparing the antiviral response to SARS-CoV-2 in individuals with and 129 without cross-reactive memory cells would potentially clarify the implications of pre-existing immunity 130 on pathogenesis.131 132 J o u r n a l P r e -p r o o f 5 Early retrospective and cross-sectional studies to evaluate the contribution of cross-reactive memory and 133 de novo SARS-CoV-2 T cell responses to protection have characterized the phenotype, functional 134 capacity, and activation status of T cells in acute and convalescent COVID-19 patient samples (reviewed 135 in [54-56]). SARS-CoV-2-reactive T cells can acquire a variety of memory phenotypes, indicating their 136 potential for self-renewal as long-lived memory cells in lymphoid and peripheral tissues. The majority of 137 current data suggests that although both T cell subsets can acquire central memory (T CM ), effector 138 memory (T EM ), and stem cell-like memory (T SCM ) phenotypes, there is a CD4 + T cell bias towards T CM ,and CD8 + T cells towards T EM , with heterogeneity in differentiation status [23,26,31,43,45,52,57,58]. In 140 studies of mild to severe 57,58], CD8 + T EM/TEMRA cells appeared to be less differentiated 141 compared to critical cases, including those with acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) [23,45].Studies directly comparing different stages of infection and recovery across the disease spectrum would 143 inform understanding of the elicitation, phenotype, kinetics, and longevity of SARS-CoV-2-specific T 144 cells, and importantly, how they might influence the response to reinfection.Both T cell hyperactivation and exhaustion have been described in COVID-19. T cells with an activated 147 phenotype, including increased expression of CD38, CD39, HLA-DR, Ki-67, and CD69 have been 148 reported in acute and convalescent samples [26,31,35,44,59], with one study correlating CD38 expression 149 with disease severity [31]. Additionally, reports of IL-6 or GM-CSF producing CD4 + T cells in the blood[60] and decreases in immunoregulatory subsets such as Treg, and γδ T cells have been described [61][62][63]. 151 Conversely, increased inhibitory receptor expression on CD8 + T cells including PD-1, TIM-3, TIGIT, 152 CTLA-4, and NKG2A have also been reported early following infection, possibly reflecting some degree 153 of immunosuppression and/or functional exhaustion, although upregulation of many of these markers may 157 showed antigen-specific cell proliferation and IFN-γ and TNF cytokine production following 158 restimulation in vitro [31]. Seemingly discordant findings related to T cell activation status, functional 159 responsiveness, and duration highlight the highly heterogenous nature of immune responses in COVID-19 160 patients. 161 162 More recently, deep profiling of COVID-19 samples have revealed several ""immunotypes"" with 163 differences in T cell activation status and phenotype, likely influenced by variations in immune response 164 kinetics, disease severity, host genetics, and underlying co-morbidities. For example, an integrated study 165 of ~250 immune and clinical features from healthy, recovered, and COVID-19 donors revealed three 166 J o u r n a l P r e -p r o o f 6 major signatures, which were associated with different health trajectories: 1) robust activation and 167 proliferation of CD4 + T cells, a relative lack of circulating T FH (cT FH ), modest activation of EMRA-like 190 5, IL-13, IL-9, and IL-10) and type 3 (IL-17A, IL-17F, and IL-22) responses in more severe COVID-19 191 was found in some [23,31,32], but not in all reports [48]. These responses may contribute to the 192 production of IL-1β, IL-6, CXCL8/IL-8, TNF, and CXCL10/IP-10, which are associated with 193 inflammation, organ damage, T cell impairment, and neutrophilia [34,67,68]. Pathogenic inflammation in 194 severe cases of COVID-19 has been associated with an increased risk of thrombosis and coagulopathy, 195 and rare cases of multisystem inflammatory syndrome in children (MIS-C), which bear some 196 resemblances to Kawasaki disease and toxic shock syndrome. Although the pathophysiology of MIS-C is 197 still unclear, it has been speculated that autoantibodies, immune complexes, and/or antibody-dependent 198 enhancement may be involved. Additionally, T cell recognition of virally-infected cells and/or self-199 antigens, and possible recognition of superantigen sequences may further contribute to vasculitis and 200 J o u r n a l P r e -p r o o f Longitudinal characteristics of lymphocyte responses and cytokine profiles in the 412 peripheral blood of SARS-CoV-2 infected patients, EBioMedicine 55 (2020) 102763.




Purpose: To develop a rapid detection reagent for SARS-CoV-2 antigen for the auxiliary diagnosis of new coronary pneumonia , and perform the methodological evaluation and clinical evaluation of the reagent.Method: SARS-CoV-2 N-protein test strip was created by combining fluorescent microsphere labeling technology and immunochromatographic technology, based on the principle of double antibody sandwich. Then we evaluated the analytical capability and clinical application of the strips.Result: The limit of detection of the strips for recombinant N protein was 100 ng/ml and for activated SARS -CoV-2 virus was 1 × 10 3 TCID 50 /ml. The strips also have high analytical specificity and anti-interference capability. According to the predetermined cut-off value, the specificity of the test strip in healthy controls and patients with other respiratory disease was 100.00 and 97.29%, the sensitivity in COVID-19 cases at progress stage and cured stage was 67.15 and 7.02%. The positive percentage agreement and negative percentage agreement of antigen strip to RNA test were 83.16 and 94.45%.Conclusion: SARS-CoV-2 fluorescence immunochromatographic test strip can achieve fast, sensitive and accurate detection, which can meet the clinical requirements for rapid detection of viruses on the spot.




With the threat of the growing number of bacteria resistant to antibiotics, the re-emergence of previously deadly infections and the emergence of new infections, there is an urgent need for novel therapeutic agent. Silver in the nano form, which is being used increasingly as antibacterial agents, may extend its antibacterial application to emerging and re-emerging multidrug-resistant pathogens, the main cause of nosocomial diseases worldwide. In the present study, a completely bottom up method to prepare green nano-silver was used. To explore the action of nano-silver on emerging Bacillus megaterium MTCC 7192 and re-emerging Pseudomonas aeruginosa MTCC 741 pathogenic bacteria, the study includes an analysis of the bacterial membrane damage through Scanning Electron Microscope (SEM) as well as alternation of zeta potential and intracellular leakages. In this work, we observed genuine bactericidal property of nano-silver as compare to broad spectrum antibiotics against emerging and re-emerging mode. After being exposed to nano-silver, the membrane becomes scattered from their original ordered arrangement based on SEM observation. Moreover, our results also suggested that alternation of zeta potential enhanced membrane permeability, and beyond a critical point, it leads to cell death. The leakages of intracellular constituents were confirmed by Gas Chromatography-Mass Spectrometry (GC-MS). In conclusion, the combine results suggested that at a specific dose, nano-silver may destroy the structure of bacterial membrane and depress its activity, which causes bacteria to die eventually.









19 significantly higher compared to the COVID-19 outbreak time period (1,511 vs 660; 20 p<0.05) 21 J o u r n a l P r e -p r o o f 2 Conclusion: Our data show significant drops in cardiology visits and admissions 22 during the COVID-19 outbreak. Whether this results from restrictive measures or 23 depicts a true reduction of cardiac disease cases warrants further investigation. 24 Keywords 25 COVID-19; SARS-CoV-2; emergency department; acute coronary syndromes 26 J o u r n a l P r e -p r o o f 216 Competing interests 217 None declared. 218 J o u r n a l P r e -p r o o f







This is an open access article under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs License, which permits use and distribution in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited, the use is non-commercial and no modifications or adaptations are made. Abstract Background: To determine the diagnostic value of hematologic markers for coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) and explore their relationship with disease severity. Methods: Subjects included 190 COVID-19 patients, 190 healthy subjects, and 105 influenza pneumonia (IP) patients. COVID-19 patients were divided into the ARDS and non-ARDS groups. Routine blood examination, biochemistry indicator, days in hospital, body temperature, pneumonia severity index (PSI), CURB-65, and MuLBSTA were recorded. Correlations between variables were assessed using Spearman's correlation analysis. Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curves were used to study the accuracy of the various diagnostic tests.Results: Compared with healthy subjects, COVID-19 patients had lower white blood cell (WBC), lymphocyte, platelet, and hemoglobin levels; higher percentages of neutrophils and monocytes; lower percentages of lymphocytes and higher neutrophil-to-lymphocyte ratio (NLR), monocyte-to-lymphocyte ratio (MLR), and plateletto-lymphocyte ratio (PLR) values (P < .05). COVID-19 patients had higher WBC and neutrophil levels and lower percentages of lymphocytes compared to IP (P < .05).ROC curve analysis revealed that MLR had a high diagnostic value in differentiating COVID-19 patients from healthy subjects, but not from IP patients. NLR showed significant positive correlations with PSI, CURB-65, and MuLBSTA. Lymphocyte count was lower in the ARDS group and yielded a higher diagnostic value than the other variables.Conclusions: Monocyte-to-lymphocyte ratio showed an acceptable efficiency to separate COVID-19 patients from healthy subjects, but failed to rule out IP patients. NLR may be a reliable marker to evaluate the disease severity of COVID-19.




In late December 2019, reports emerged from Wuhan, China of a novel corovonavirus SARS-CoV-2, which caused severe acute respiratory distress syndrome referred to as COVID-19. As the virus spread, reports of severe perioperative complications, including fatalities, began to emerge in the literature. We present a case of a previously healthy patient who developed classic symptoms of appendicitis. The patient was also found to be positive for COVID-19. Given the risks to both the patient and surgical team, we elected to pursue a non-operative management strategy for this patient with appendicitis.A 13 year old female with COVID-19 presented with a day of right lower quadrant abdominal pain. A computerized tomography (CT) scan diagnosed uncomplicated appendicitis. The patient was successfully treated non-operatively with antibiotics and discharged home.To our knowledge, this case illustrates the first report of a pediatric patient with concomitant appendicitis and COVID-19 infection. We have been able to utilize a non-operative management strategy to effectively treat the patient's acute appendicitis, while protecting her from the risks of undergoing a general anesthetic as well as the operative team. We hope this report can provide others with a potential management strategy for similar patients.






In Zeiten von Corona haben unsere Grundrechte einen schweren Stand. Allgemeine Handlungsfreiheit, Religions-und Versammlungsfreiheit, informationelle Selbstbestimmung -all diese und andere Grundrechte haben in den letzten Monaten immer wieder massive Einschränkungen erfahren. Wie groß die Sorgen um Verfassung und Rechtsstaat sind, lässt sich auch daran ablesen, dass nicht nur im Kreise sogenannter Querdenker und ihrer Gesinnungsgenossen von einer ""Corona-Diktatur"" die Rede ist, sondern selbst gestandene Verfassungsrechtler ""Vollzugsexzesse"", einen ""Krankheitsvermeidungsabsolutismus"" und Ähnliches beklagen sowie sich vor einem ""Präventionsstaat"" oder, noch schlimmer, vor einem ""faschistoiden Hygienestaat"" fürchten. Ob solcherlei Alarmismus für die Suche nach der richtigen Balance zwischen Gesundheits-und Freiheitsschutz zielführend ist, mag jeder für sich selbst entscheiden. So oder so steht zu erwarten, dass noch viele Fehler in der einen oder anderen Richtung gemacht werden, weil sich mit dem ständigen Auf und Ab der Fallzahlen auch das Pendel zwischen zu viel und zu wenig Grundrechtsschutz beständig hin-und herbewegen wird. Unvermeidlich ist dies schon deshalb, weil wir uns ungeachtet aller Erkenntnisgewinne zu Corona noch immer und voraussichtlich noch für lange Zeit in einer Phase der extremen Unsicherheit befinden, mit der zwangsläufig eine gewisse Fehleranfälligkeit staatlichen Handelns einhergeht.In der vorliegenden Ausgabe geht es schwerpunktmäßig darum, welchen Herausforderungen sich das Grundrecht auf informationelle Selbstbestimmung in Zeiten von Corona ausgesetzt sieht und wie diesen zu begegnen ist. Bremert, Hansen, Körffer und Polenz führen in ihrem Beitrag aus, welche Corona-Maßnahmen aus Sicht der Aufsichtsbehörden besonders problematisch sind und inwieweit hier im Sinne einer Grundrechtskonformität noch nachgebessert werden muss. Fährmann und Arzt warnen davor, dass unter dem Deckmantel des Infektionsschutzes die Grenzen für eine polizeiliche Datenverarbeitung zunehmend durchlässiger werden. Hingegen ist -aus datenschutzrechtlicher Perspektive betrachtet -die deutsche Corona-Warn-App durchaus als eine grundrechtssensible Corona-Maßnahme einzuordnen. Dix erläutert ausführlich, warum die App ein gelungenes Beispiel für Privacy by Design ist und daher fast durchgängig auch von kritischen Datenschützern Lob geerntet hat. Die Kehrseite dieses datenschutzfreundlichen Designs ist allerdings, dass auch die Möglichkeiten einer Datenerhebung mittels dieser App stark eingeschränkt sind und sich infolgedessen Aussagen über die Wirksamkeit und die potenziellen Risiken einer solchen App kaum treffen lassen. Jahnel, Gerhardus und Wienert gehen darauf in ihrem Beitrag näher ein und nehmen -aus der Public-Health-Perspektive -insoweit durchaus eine kritische Position ein.Zwei Corona-Herausforderungen ganz anderer Art sind Thema der beiden Beiträge von Venzke-Caprarese und Bou Sleiman. Wo es auf der einen Seite durch coronabedingte Maßnahmen in zahlreichen Fällen zu einer ""erzwungenen Digitalisierung"" kommt, versuchen auf der anderen Seite Cyberkriminelle, sich die neue Situation und damit verbundene Unsicherheit zunutze zu machen. Bou Sleiman beleuchtet in seinem Beitrag aus der Perspektive des Praktikers die Zunahme von coronabedingten digitalen Attacken in der Form des Phishings. Venzke-Caprarese geht darauf ein, wie sicher die verschiedenen digitalen Kommunikationsmedien sind, die während der Pandemie verstärkt genutzt werden, und welche datenschutzrechtlichen Anforderungen, aber auch Probleme, damit einhergehen. DuD • Datenschutz und Datensicherheit 12 | 2020 773 EDITORIAL Ihre Vorteile in unserem Online Shop: Über 280.000 Titel aus allen Fachgebieten | eBooks sind auf allen Endgeräten nutzbar | Kostenloser Versand für Printbücher weltweit A85538




A B S T R A C T Analysis of bodily fluids using vibrational spectroscopy has attracted increasing attention in recent years. In particular, infrared spectroscopic screening of blood products, particularly blood serum, for disease diagnostics has been advanced considerably, attracting commercial interests. However, analyses requiring quantification of endogenous constituents or exogenous agents in blood are less well advanced. Recent advances towards this end are reviewed, focussing on infrared and Raman spectroscopic analyses of human blood serum. The importance of spectroscopic analysis in the native aqueous environment is highlighted, and the relative merits of infrared absorption versus Raman spectroscopy are considered, in this context. It is argued that Raman spectroscopic analysis is more suitable to quantitative analysis in liquid samples, and superior performance for quantification of high and low molecular weight components, is demonstrated. Applications for quantitation of viral loads, and therapeutic drug monitoring are also discussed.




Background: Viral pathogens have not generally been regarded as important causes of severe hospital-acquired pneumonia (HAP), except in patients with hematologic malignancy or transplant recipients. We investigated the role and distribution of viruses in adult with severe HAP who required intensive care.Methods: From March 2010 to February 2012, adult patients with severe HAP required admission to the intensive care unit (ICU), 28-bed medical ICU in a tertiary care hospital, were prospectively enrolled. Respiratory viruses were detected using multiplex reverse-transcription polymerase chain reaction and/or shell vial culture.Results: A total of 262 patients were enrolled and 107 patients (40.8%) underwent bronchoscopic BAL for etiologic diagnosis. One hundred and fifty-six patients (59.5%) had bacterial infections and 59 patients (22.5%) had viral infections. Viruses were detected in BAL fluid specimens of 37 patients (62.7%, 37/59). The most commonly identified viruses were respiratory syncytial virus and parainfluenza virus (both 27.1%, 16/59), followed by rhinovirus (25.4%, 15/59), and influenza virus (16.9%, 10/59). Twenty-one patients (8.0%, 21/262) had bacterial-viral coinfections and Staphylococcus aureus was the most commonly coexisting bacteria (n = 10). Viral infection in non-immunocompromised patients was not uncommon (11.1%, 16/143), although it was not as frequent as that in immunocompromised patients (36.4%, 43/119). Nonimmunocompromised patients were significantly older than immunocompromised patients and had significantly higher rates of underlying chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, tuberculous destroyed lung and chronic kidney disease. The 28 day mortalities of patients with bacterial infections, viral infections and bacterial-viral coinfections were not significantly different (29.5%, 35.6% and 19.0%, respectively; p = 0.321).Conclusions: Viral pathogens are not uncommon in adult patients with severe HAP who required ICU admission. Since viral pathogens may cause severe HAP and could be a potential source of viral transmission, further investigation is required to delineate the role of viral pathogens in severe HAP.




What drives Catholic priests to continue to serve people? That is the main question behind this psychological study. Based on a working model of compassionate love (Underwood 2008), the priestly compassionate love model was tested to determine whether spirituality, social support, priestly commitment, and well-being simultaneously influence compassionate love, which in turn brings out a positive affect in those doing pastoral ministry. The participants were 256 Catholic priests in Indonesia. Using structural equation modeling, the results of the study showed a good fit. Spirituality was the factor that contributed most strongly to compassionate love. Receiving adequate support from multiple sources motivated the priests to love others. Moreover, priestly commitment also influenced the priests to love others compassionately. Although well-being did not significantly influence compassionate love, it still played an important role in the model because it was correlated with all factors. Finally, the results showed that compassionate love powerfully influenced the priests to be enthusiastic and eager in doing pastoral ministry. These findings are discussed theoretically and practically in the context of priestly life and ministry in Indonesia.




Cases of COVID-19 have been reported in over 200 countries. Thousands of health workers have been infected and outbreaks have occurred in hospitals, aged care facilities and prisons.World Health Organization (WHO) has issued guidelines for contact and droplet precautions for Healthcare Workers (HCWs) caring for suspected COVID-19 patients, whilst the US Centre for Disease Control (CDC) has recommended airborne precautions. The 1 -2 m (≈3 -6 ft) rule of spatial separation is central to droplet precautions and assumes large droplets do not travel further than 2 m (≈6 ft). We aimed to review the evidence for horizontal distance travelled by droplets and the guidelines issued by the World Health Organization (WHO), US Center for Diseases Control (CDC) and European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control (ECDC) on respiratory protection for COVID-19. We found that the evidence base for current guidelines is sparse, and the available data do not support the 1 -2 m (≈3 -6 ft) rule of spatial separation.Of ten studies on horizontal droplet distance, eight showed droplets travel more than 2 m (≈6 ft), in some cases more than 8 meters (≈26 ft). Several studies of SARS-CoV-2 support aerosol transmission and one study documented virus at a distance of 4 meters (≈13 ft) from the patient.Moreover, evidence suggests infections cannot neatly be separated into the dichotomy of droplet versus airborne transmission routes. Available studies also show that SARS-CoV-2 can be detected in the air, 3 hours after aeroslisation. The weight of combined evidence supports airborne precautions for the occupational health and safety of health workers treating patients with COVID-19.




Background: In the absence of a comprehensive review, we conducted a systematic review on the use of systematic approach in outbreak investigation using reports from India. Objectives: The primary objective was to estimate the proportion of outbreak reports from India during 2008-16, that reported the steps in outbreak investigation. The secondary objectives were to (1) describe the outbreak reports by selected characteristics (source, investigating agency, disease, time, place and person) (2) estimate the proportion of outbreaks that conducted analytical and additional studies. Methods: We searched eight electronic databases and grey literature for outbreak investigation reports among humans at community settings from India during 2008-2016. We developed a check-list based on the 10-steps approach used by Field Epidemiology Training Programme (FETP) of ICMR-National Institute of Epidemiology (ICMR-NIE), Chennai, India. This checklist was used to independently screen and extract data on general characteristics of the outbreak investigation reports and the steps completed. We adopted The Joanna Briggs Institute (JBI) check list for prevalence studies to examine the credibility and consistency. The protocol was registered at Prospero (CRD42017065038). We calculated proportion of reports that followed the steps in their investigation and descriptive statistics on selected characteristics. Results: Of 10,657 articles screened, 136 articles were included for the review. Completion of the ten steps in the outbreak investigations was seen in 16% of reports. The highest level of completion was for drawing conclusion in outbreak investigation (98%) and the lowest completion (29%) was for developing a case definition by time, place and person followed by conducting an analytic study (24%). Conclusions: Outbreak reports from India either lacked application of systematic steps for investigation or failed to report the actual procedures followed. We recommend improving systematic investigation of outbreaks through training and supervision of outbreak response teams and encouraging publications.




Rigorous sustainability science includes addressing pressing real-world problems, weaving multiple knowledge systems, and striving for transformative change. However, these key attributes of sustainability science often conflict with university structures and established academic work practices, for instance with regard to frequent long-distance travel. Such contradictions between key principles of sustainability and everyday practices are experienced by many researchers not only at university level, but also in their individual behaviors. To help resolve this widespread divergence, we present ten principles to foster the sustainability of a research group working in sustainability science, based on our personal experiences and experiments as research group leaders. These principles comprise: (1) monitor the environmental footprint, (2) foster learning and innovation, (3) reduce the environmental footprint, (4) nurture campus sustainability, (5) embrace sustainability in private life, (6) constructively deal with environmental anxiety, (7) design research projects for sustainability impact, (8) engage with stakeholders, (9) capitalize on sustainability teaching, and (10) recognize biases and limits. Applying sustainability principles in everyday research practices can provide important social tipping points that may trigger the spreading of new social norms and behaviors.Publisher's Note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.




COVID-19 has posed a significant threat to global health. Early data has revealed that IL-6, a key 26 regulatory cytokine, plays an important role in the cytokine storm of COVID-19. Multiple trials 27 are therefore looking at the effects of Tocilizumab, an IL-6 receptor antibody that inhibits IL-6 28 activity, on treatment of COVID-19, with promising findings. As part of a clinical trial looking 29 at the effects of Tocilizumab treatment on kidney transplant recipients with subclinical 30 rejection, we performed single-cell RNA sequencing of comparing stimulated PBMCs before 31 and after Tocilizumab treatment. We leveraged this data to create an in vitro cytokine storm 32 model, to better understand the effects of Tocilizumab in the presence of inflammation. 33 Tocilizumab-treated cells had reduced expression of inflammatory-mediated genes and 34 biologic pathways, particularly amongst monocytes. These results support the hypothesis that 35 Tocilizumab may hinder the cytokine storm of COVID-19, through a demonstration of biologic 36 impact at the single-cell level. 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 3





Social scientific research into the impact of COVID-19 on religious communities is emergent. This research combines interview data (n = 12) collected, as New Zealand moved into Level 3-Restrict and then Level 4-Lockdown, with Facebook and online news media analysis to understand how religious leaders and their communities responded to COVID-19. Our data found four challenges: (1) The requirement to reassess worship practices, (2) the need to mitigate any potential for community transmission, (3) significant difficulties related to social distancing for communal religious practices, and lastly, (4) welfare and pastoral concerns for congregations and others in need.




Effective methods for predicting COVID-19 disease trajectories are urgently needed. Here, ELISA and coronavirus antigen microarray (COVAM) analysis mapped antibody epitopes in the plasma of COVID-19 patients (n = 86) experiencing a wide-range of disease states. The experiments identified antibodies to a 21-residue epitope from nucleocapsid (termed Ep9) associated with severe disease, including admission to the ICU, requirement for ventilators, or death. Importantly, anti-Ep9 antibodies can be detected within six days post-symptom onset and sometimes within one day.Furthermore, anti-Ep9 antibodies correlate with various comorbidities and hallmarks of immune hyperactivity. We introduce a simple-to-calculate, disease risk factor score to quantitate each patient's comorbidities and age. For patients with anti-Ep9 antibodies, scores above 3.0 predict more severe disease outcomes with a 13.42 Likelihood Ratio (96.72% specificity). The results lay the groundwork for a new type of COVID-19 prognostic to allow early identification and triage of high-risk patients. Such information could guide more effective therapeutic intervention.3 Introduction:




1 Data as of March 29, 2020 show that the ""flattening"" strategy for COVID-19 in the U.S. is 2 working so well that a clean removal of social distancing (aka ""unlock"") at any time in 2020 will 3 produce a renewed catastrophe, overloading the healthcare system. Leaving the economy locked down 4 for a long time is its own catastrophe. An SIR-type model with clear parameters suitable for public 5 information, and both tracking and predictive capabilities which ""learns"" disease spread characteristics 6 rapidly as policy changes, suggests that a solution to the problem is a partial unlock. Case load can be 7 managed so as not to exceed critical resources such as ventilators, yet allow enough people to get sick 8 that herd immunity develops and a full unlock can be achieved in as little as five weeks from beginning 9 of implementation. The partial unlock could be for example 3 full working days per week. Given that 10 not all areas or individuals will respond, and travel and public gatherings are still unlikely, the partial 11 unlock might be 5 full working days per week. The model can be regionalized easily, and by 12 expediting the resolution of the pandemic in the U.S. medical equipment and volunteers, many of them 13 with already acquired immunity, can be made available to other countries. 14




Porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome (PRRS) and porcine epidemic diarrhea (PED) are two diseases costly to the U.S. swine industry. The objective of this study was to determine the impact of PRRS virus and PED virus, alone or in combination, on growth performance, feed efficiency, and digestibility in grower pigs. Forty-two gilts (16 ± 0.98 kg BW) naïve for PRRS and PED were selected and allocated to 1 of 4 treatments. Treatments included 1) a control, 2) PRRS virus infected, 3) PED virus infected, and 4) PRRS+PED coinfection (PRP). Pigs in treatments 2 and 4 were inoculated with a live field strain of PRRS virus via intramuscular and intranasal routes at 0 d after inoculation (dpi). Treatments 3 and 4 were orally inoculated with a cloned PED virus at 15 dpi. Infection with PRRS virus was confirmed by quantitative PCR and seroconversion. Infection with PED virus was confirmed with PCR. Control pigs remained PRRS and PED virus negative throughout the study. All pigs were offered, ad libitum, a standard diet with free access to water. During the test period, PRRS reduced ADG and ADFI by 30 and 26%, respectively (P < 0.05), compared with control pigs, whereas PRP decreased ADG, ADFI, and G:F by 45, 30, and 23%, respectively (P < 0.05). Additional reductions in ADG and G:F were detected in PRP pigs compared with singular PED or PRRS treatments (33 and 16%, respectively). The impact of PED, alone or in combination, on performance (15-21 dpi) reduced ADG (0.66 vs. 0.35 vs. 0.20 kg/d; P < 0.01), ADFI (1.22 vs. 0.88 vs. 0.67 kg/d; P = 0.003), and G:F (0.54 vs. 0.39 vs. 0.31; P = 0.001) compared with control pigs. Compared with control pigs, PRRS infection did not reduce apparent total tract digestibility (ATTD) of nutrients and energy. However, PED infection, alone or in combination, decreased ATTD of DM and energy by 8 and 12%, respectively (P < 0.05). Compared with control pigs, PRP reduced N and OM ATTD by 13 and 3%, respectively (P < 0.05). No significant differences in apparent ileal digestibility (AID) were detected between virus challenges. However, Lys AID tended to be reduced in both PED treatments compared with the control (10 and 12%; P = 0.095). Altogether, PRRS reduced growth but did not alter digestibility. Pigs challenged with PED and, to a greater extent, the coinfection of PED and PRRS viruses had reduced ADG, ADFI, G:F, and ATTD of nutrients and energy.




Diarrhea is defined as the passage of an increased number of stools of less-than-normal form and consistency. Acute diarrhea refers to acute onset of symptoms of less than 14 to 30 days' duration. Diarrhea lasting longer than 1 month is considered chronic. The severity of acute diarrhea can be defined as mild, where no change in daily activities is noted; moderate, where a change in daily activities is required but the patient is able to function; and severe, where the patient is disabled by the symptoms.American adults average about one episode of acute diarrhea annually. Acute diarrhea is one of the most common medical conditions seen by primary care practitioners. In the United States, approximately 1 million hospital admissions and 6000 deaths per year are attributed to acute diarrhea, and in most, an etiology is not identified. Worldwide, diarrhea-related diseases are among the most common causes of morbidity and mortality and, for children younger than 4 years, the most common cause of death.Most cases of acute diarrhea are self-limited and require no medical evaluation. Nearly half of the cases last for less than 1 day. Evaluation should be reserved for patients with evidence of systemic toxicity (dehydration, bloody diarrhea, fever, severe abdominal pain), diarrhea of more than 48 hours' duration, and elderly or immunocompromised patients.Infectious dysentery, inflammatory bowel disease (ulcerative colitis and Crohn's disease), and ischemic colitis.Dysentery is a disease process characterized by diarrhea that contains blood and polymorphonuclear cells. Dysentery results when an organism causes an inflammatory reaction, either by direct invasion of the colonic/ileal epithelium or by producing a toxin that causes cellular death and tissue damage. Symptoms associated with dysentery may include abdominal pain and cramping, tenesmus (painful urgency to evacuate stool), fever, and dehydration. 6. Name the common causes of infectious dysentery in the United States Campylobacter and Salmonella spp. are the principal causes of dysentery in the United States. Shigella sp. and certain strains of Escherichia coli (specifically O157:H7) are less common. Rarer causes include Yersinia, Entamoeba, Aeromonas, and Plesiomonas spp. 7. What is the significance of stool leukocytes (white blood cells) and how are they detected? The presence of fecal leukocytes helps to distinguish inflammatory from noninflammatory diarrhea. Normally, leukocytes are not present in stool. Fecal leukocytes are usually found in infectious diarrhea caused by Campylobacter, Salmonella, Shigella, and Yersinia spp.; Clostridium difficile; enterohemorrhagic and enteroinvasive strains of E. coli; and Aeromonas sp. In cases of ischemic colitis and inflammatory bowel disease, fecal leukocytes are the result of mucosal bleeding. Diarrhea secondary to toxigenic bacteria (e.g., enterotoxigenic E. coli [ETEC], Vibrio cholerae), viruses, and small bowel protozoa (e.g., Giardia sp.) do not contain stool leukocytes. The presence of white blood cells (WBCs) in the stool can be assayed by microscopic examination of the stool or by means of an immunoassay for the neutrophil marker lactoferrin. The sensitivity of fecal lactoferrin and microscopy for fecal WBCs is 92% and 72%, respectively. 8. If 100 random patients with acute diarrhea underwent evaluation with stool cultures, how many would be positive? Which patients with acute diarrhea should be evaluated with a stool culture? Published studies show the diagnostic yield of stool cultures to be 1.5% to 5.6%. This percentage range can be increased if tested patients are selected carefully. A stool culture should be obtained from patients with dysenterysymptoms, persistent diarrhea (beyond 3 to 5 days) or from patients who are immunocompromised. Patients with dysentery symptoms are much more likely than the other two groups to have a positive stool culture. The rate of positive stool culture in patients hospitalized with dysentery is 40% to 60%.Generally, a flexible sigmoidoscopy or colonoscopy is not needed for the evaluation of acute diarrhea. Most cases of acute diarrhea are self-limited, and endoscopic exam findings add usually little information to the history, physical exam, and stool tests. However, patients with prolonged symptoms or those suspected to have pseudomembranous colitis, ischemic colitis, or inflammatory bowel disease should be considered for endoscopic evaluation.The toxins produced by organisms can be classified into two categories: cytotonic and cytotoxic. Cytotonic toxins cause a watery diarrhea by activation of intracellular enzymes, which cause net fluid secretion into the intestinal lumen. Examples of cytotonic toxins include those produced by V. cholerae and enterotoxigenic strains of E. coli . Cytotoxic toxins cause structural injury to the intestinal mucosa, which, in turn, causes inflammation and mucosal bleeding. Enterohemorrhagic E. coli produces a cytotoxic toxin ( Shiga -like toxin).Campylobacter transmitted? C. jejuni accounts for 98% of reported Campylobacter isolates and is the most common cause of bacterial gastroenteritis in industrialized nations. The less common isolates are C. fetus and C. fecalis. Direct contact with fecal matter from infected persons or animals and ingestion of contaminated food or water have been implicated in the transmission of Campylobacter infection.Website




Tight junctions (TJs) play an important role in the maintenance of epithelial and endothelial barriers. Zonula occludens (ZO) proteins are scaffolding molecules essential for the formation of TJ complexes, and abnormalities in ZO proteins have been implicated in various TJ-associated human diseases such as tumor invasion and metastasis, and barrier dysfunction. Recent studies reveal that liquid-liquid phase separation of ZO proteins drives the polymerization of TJ proteins into a continuous belt, which then recruits various proteins to form the TJ complex to regulate selective paracellular permeability and signal transduction. Herein, we describe recent advances on how ZO phase separation contributes to TJ formation and discuss the potential of phase separation as a target for the treatment of TJ-associated diseases.




Influenza A viruses (IAVs) are highly contagious pathogens infecting human and numerous animals. The viruses cause millions of infection cases and thousands of deaths every year, thus making IAVs a continual threat to global health. Upon IAV infection, host innate immune system is triggered and activated to restrict virus replication and clear pathogens. Subsequently, host adaptive immunity is involved in specific virus clearance. On the other hand, to achieve a successful infection, IAVs also apply multiple strategies to avoid be detected and eliminated by the host immunity. In the current review, we present a general description on recent work regarding different host cells and molecules facilitating antiviral defenses against IAV infection and how IAVs antagonize host immune responses.Viruses 2020, 12, 376 2 of 23 is critical for elicitation of cross-group antibody responses [12] . HA of diverse IAV subtypes that originated from different species presents distinct receptor-binding preference. For instance, human viruses prefer binding to SAs attached to cell-surface-associated α-2,6-linked galactose, whereas avian viruses prefer α-2,3-linked galactose [13] [14] [15] . Residue substitutions in the receptor-binding site (RBS) of HA is crucial in determining receptor-binding properties [16] . For instance, amino acid substitutions of S138A/G186V/T221P/Q226L within the RBS affected receptor-binding properties of avian H7N9 HA [17], while G186V was reported to be pivotal for the avian-specific strain to acquire human receptor-binding capacity [18] .NA is a type II glycoprotein with neuraminidase (sialidase) enzymatic activity. Each NA tetramer consists of four identical polypeptides, and each polypeptide contains an N-terminal, a hydrophobic membrane domain, a stalk region, and a globular head domain. NA can cleave SA from the mucus, cell surface, and from viral glycoproteins. While HA mediates virion-SA attachment and fusion, NA is responsible for terminal SA residues cleavage [19] . N-glycolyl and O-acetyl modification of SA could reduce binding affinities of both NA and HA [20] . In addition, NA possesses at least two calcium binding sites [21] . Gene analysis of these Ca 2+ binding sites reveals that they are related to NA thermostability, further suggesting a correlation between NA thermostability and virus adaption [22] . Furthermore, NA is also the major antigenic target of the host humoral immunity, and NA-specific antibodies function in limiting virus egress via interfering with the sialidase activity have drawn wide attention for development of antiviral therapies [23, 24] .The viral ribonucleoprotein complex (vRNP) is a rod-shaped structure composed of multiple copies of NP and a single trimeric RNA-dependent RNA polymerase complex (PB1, PB2, and PA) associated with viral genomic RNA [25] . NP mediates nuclear import of the vRNP complex, the PB1 subunit has the catalytic polymerase activity, the PB2 subunit contributes to cap binding, and the PA subunit is required for cleavage of the capped oligonucleotides. The complex is required for the transcription and replication of the viral genome [26] . The structure, functions, and modulation of the IAV RNA polymerase complex were further discussed by Te Velthuis and Fordor [27] . However, the mechanism of vRNP assembly remains largely unknown and several host proteins were reported to be involved during IAV infection [28] [29] [30] . Recently, eleuthe roside B 1 was demonstrated to be able to inhibit the vRNP in vitro [31] .M1 and M2 are encoded by the M gene on segment 7 of the viral genome [32] . The conserved M1 bears a positively charged nuclear localization sequence (NLS) motif RKLKR, which is essential for membrane binding, virus replication, nuclear export of the vRNPs, and self-polymerization [33]. M2 is a type III integral transmembrane proton channel, structurally containing three domains: an amino-terminal ectodomain, a transmembrane domain, and a cytoplasmic domain [34] . It is essential for uncoating the vRNP complex within the endosome, the process of which is essential for viral entry [35] . Moreover, in its retrograde migration route from the membrane to the cytoplasm, M2 was shown to prevent endosome fusion with the lysosome, suggesting new roles of the protein in the host cytoplasm after infection [36] . NS1, structurally composed of an N-terminal dsRNA binding domain and a C-terminal effector domain, plays important roles in control of viral RNA synthesis, viral mRNA splicing, and virus particle morphogenesis during the virus life cycle [37, 38] . It is also considered as the key factor to antagonize host immune system [39] , since it could inhibit activation of retinoic acid-inducible gene-I proteins (RIG-I), interferon-inducible RNA-dependent protein kinase (PKR), and 2 -5 -oligoadenylate synthetase of the innate immunity via blocking nuclear export of host messenger RNAs (mRNAs) [40] [41] [42] . The mechanism underlying is revealed by determination of crystal structure of the NS1 and nuclear RNA export factor 1-nuclear transport factor 2-related export protein 1 (NXF1-NXT1) complex that NS1 could prevent mRNA export through the nuclear pore complex via binding of NXF1-NXT1 to nucleoporins [43] . Conserved RNA secondary structures at RNA positions 82-148 and 497-564 are essential for NS1 protein expression, thus affecting viral reproduction and virus-host interaction processes [44] . A detailed description of structure and function of the NS1 was reviewed by Han Viruses 2020, 12, 376 3 of 23 and his colleagues [45] . NS2, also known as NEP, contains a nuclear export signal and is responsible for chromosome region maintenance 1 (Crm1)-dependent nuclear export of RNPs in the infected cells [46, 47] . Crm1 contains leucin-rich nuclear export signals (NES1 and NES2) [47, 48] , which are important for the NS2Crm1 interaction [46, 48] . In addition, interaction of CHD3 and NES1 was identified to be important in the NS2-mediated vRNP nuclear export [49] .Genome reassortment often occurs when two or more IAV strains infect a single host cell. This phenomenon is refereed as antigenic shift, resulting in novel progeny viruses with new HA and/or NA that are immunologically naïve to the human immune system [50, 51] . On the other hand, lack of proof-reading function of viral RNA polymerase results in accumulated point mutations during successive replication of the viral genome. This phenomenon is refereed as antigenic drift [52] . The two mechanisms provide IAVs the ability to evolve rapidly as well as to evade host immunity, thus resulting in generation of viral strains which are highly pathogenic and/or can cross species barriers.Since the ""Spanish influenza"" pandemic in 1918-1919, despite application of updating licensed vaccines and drugs, seasonal and pandemic influenza still cause millions of infection cases each year and remains a worldwide public-health concern. Most seasonal IAV infections are minimally symptomatic, while severe infection causes damage to host immune responses, thus resulting in lung inflammation and injury [53] . The virus itself, IAV-host interaction, as well as a need for next-generation IAV prevention and control strategies attract extensive attention worldwide. Understanding the virus-host interaction can facilitate investigation of antiviral measures. Therefore, in the current review, we summarized and discussed recent development in our understanding of IAV-host immune interaction and how IAV antagonizes different immune responses to achieve a successful infection.




Expiratory fl ow limitation (EFL) during tidal breathing is associated with chronic exertional dyspnoea in COPD. Respiratory system reactance (Xrs) measured by the forced oscillation technique (FOT) can be used to detect EFL with 100% sensitivity and 100% specifi city against gold standard measures (Dellaca et al. ERJ 2004). The validation study used a 5 Hz monofrequency oscillation signal. It is unknown whether multifrequency signals are comparable to 5 Hz in detecting EFL. Aim To determine if FOT multifrequency signals of 6, 11, 19 Hz and 5, 11, 19 Hz are comparable to 5 Hz in the detection of EFL in COPD patients. Methods 25 subjects with greater than 10 pack years smoking history and a clinical history of COPD underwent FOT during 60 seconds of tidal breathing, using 5 Hz, 5, 11, 19 Hz, and 6, 11, 19 Hz oscillation signals in random order. The difference between mean inspiratory and expiratory respiratory system reactance (ΔXrs) was calculated. Subjects had EFL if the mean ΔXrs was ≥2.8 cm H2O.s.l −1 at 5 Hz. Results Mean FEV 1 % predicted was 76 (range: 31-125) 7 subjects had EFL on 5 Hz, and of these 6 subjects had EFL on 5, 11, 19 Hz, and 6 subjects had EFL on 6, 11, 19 Hz. Five subjects had EFL on all 3 frequencies tested. Both multifrequency signals had sensitivity 85% and specifi city of 94% compared to 5 Hz. There was no signifi cant difference in ΔXrs between the three oscillation signals (ANOVA p = 0.18). Conclusions There was a high degree of concordance between the three oscillation signals used to assess EFL in this study. This study supports the use of multifrequency oscillation signals for the detection of EFL. Support S Mahadev -Asthma Foundation NSW stipend.Mannitol has been increasingly used as a challenge test for asthma and exercise-induced asthma in children. As an osmotic agent, it provides an objective measure of airway hyperreactivity. Aim To assess the frequency of positive mannitol tests in children who were referred with a history of asthma symptoms. Method Retrospective chart review of children aged 6 to 18 years who were referred for a mannitol challenge tests in the past 2 years with a history of 'asthma symptoms'. 'Asthma symptoms' was defi ned as parent reported wheeze or shortness of breath on exercise suggestive of EIA. Results We identifi ed a total of 80 patients who performed mannitol tests. Eleven patients had positive test (13.7%). Of these, seven (63.6%) had an atopic background and four (36.3%) were already being treated with inhaled corticosteroids prior to the test. Of the 69 children with negative mannitol tests, 20 (29%) were being treated with inhaled corticosteroids and 15 (21.7%) were atopic. Mean predicted FEV 1 was (108.1, ± 16 SD), mean percentage of FEV 1 drop (14.5, ± 3.5 SD). Twenty of the patients with negative mannitol tests had exercise tests. The exercise tests demonstrated reduced physical fi tness as the cause of reduced exercise ability. Conclusion This chart review suggests that a history of asthma symptoms does not equate with a positive mannitol challenge test. There are other causes of 'asthma symptoms' that can be defi ned further with exercise testing. Further data collection and statistical analysis are in process.Objective (1) To compare the airway responsiveness assessed using a mannitol inhalation challenge (MAN) and a methacholine inhalation challenge (METH) and to evaluate their respective correlation with airway infl ammation in subjects with previously diagnosed occupational asthma (OA). (2) To compare the sputum cell counts and the quality of the sputum sample obtained after inhalation of hypertonic saline and after MAN. Methods Subjects completed a MAN and a METH 2-7 days apart, in a random order. A sputum sample was obtained after inhalation of hypertonic saline following the METH or during the MAN. MAN was considered positive if the cumulative dose of mannitol inducing a 15% fall in FEV 1 (PD15) was ≤635 mg; a METH was considered positive if the dose of methacholine inducing a 20% fall in FEV 1 (PC 20 ) was ≤16 mg/mL. Airway responsiveness was also expressed as the dose response slope of METH (DRSMETH) or MAN (DRSMAN) for all subjects. Results Twenty-two subjects with OA were enrolled. METH identifi ed airway hyperresponsiveness in 68.2% of cases, MAN in 40.9% of cases; p = 0.01. DRSMETH and DRSMAN were signifi cantly correlated (r = 0.7 p < 0.001). Sputum eosinophils were correlated with DRS MAN (rho = 0.5; p = 0.009), but not with DRSMETH (rho = 0.2, p = 0.5). The quality of the sputum samples obtained after hypertonic saline or MAN was similar. Conclusions MAN may represent an interesting alternative to METH in measuring airway responsiveness and inducing sputum during the same procedure.Introduction Spirometry is often measured in epidemiological studies of young children, where ATS guidelines may be diffi cult to achieve. Aim To assess the value of spirometry among 6-year-old NZ children. Methods Spirometry was performed to ATS guidelines using a Vitalograph Pneumotrac 6800 and repeated after 15 minutes following bronchodilator (BD). The start and end of test curves were graded according to modifi ed ATS/ERS criteria 2007. We examined the ability of various spirometric measures to predict asthma by the acceptability of the test. Results 801 children performed spirometry. Five hundred fi fty-seven (69.5%) children satisfi ed the start of test criteria, and 484 (60.4%) satisfi ed the end of test criteria in one or more tests. FEV 1 , FVC and % predicted FEV 1 were signifi cantly lower in those not meeting the acceptability criteria. However, the prediction of current asthma by bronchodilator response (≥12% increase FEV 1 ) was similar for the whole population OR 2.1 (95% CI 1.3-3.3) and those with ≥1 acceptable test OR 2.3 (CI 2.0-4.3). Conclusion While individual tests that do not meet current criteria are signifi cantly lower than those that do, at a population level acceptability makes little difference to the prediction of asthma.





PTEN hamartoma tumour syndrome is a diverse multi-system disorder predisposing to the development of hamartomatous growths, increasing risk of breast, thyroid, renal cancer, and possibly increasing risk of endometrial cancer, colorectal cancer and melanoma. There is no international consensus on cancer surveillance in PHTS and all current guidelines are based on expert opinion. A comprehensive literature review was undertaken and guidelines were developed by clinicians with expertise from clinical genetics, gynaecology, endocrinology, dermatology, radiology, gastroenterology and general surgery, together with affected individuals and their representatives. Recommendations were put forward for surveillance for breast, thyroid and renal cancers. Limited recommendations were developed for other sites including endometrial, colon and skin. The proposed cancer surveillance recommendations for PHTS require a coordinated multidisciplinary approach and significant patient commitment. The evidence base for cancer surveillance in this guideline are limited, emphasising the need for prospective evaluation of the effectiveness of surveillance in the PHTS population.




Purpose To describe how a referral center for cardiac electrophysiology (EP) rapidly changed to comply with the ongoing COVID-19 healthcare emergency. Methods We present retrospective data about the modification of daily activities at our EP unit, following the pandemic outbreak of the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) infection in Italy. In particular, in the context of a preexisting ""hub-and-spoke"" network, we describe how procedure types and volumes have changed in the last 3 months. Results Since our institution was selected as a COVID-19 referral center, the entire in-hospital activity was reorganized to assist more than 1000 COVID-positive cases. Only urgent EP procedures, including ventricular tachycardia ablation and extraction of infected devices, were both maintained and optimized to meet the needs of external hospitals. In addition, most of the non-urgent EP procedures were postponed. Finally, following prompt internal reorganization, both outpatient clinics and on-call services underwent significant modification, by integrating telemedicine support whenever applicable. Conclusion We presented the fast reorganization of an EP referral center during the ongoing COVID-19 healthcare emergency. Our hub-and-spoke model may be useful for other centers, aiming at a cost-effective management of resources in the context of a global crisis.




We found four patients with some characteristic phenotype in our ICU, characterized by focal hypotrophies of the shoulder girdle and the bilateral peroneal district and underlying critical illness neuro-myopathy. In our opinion, these hypotrophies are secondary to the prone position. Is our intention to start early treatment protocol with electrostimulation to evaluate the effectiveness in the prevention of critical illness and focal hypotrophies in ICU SARS-CoV-2 patients, to increase chances of returning to a preinfection functional status.




In this paper, we propose studying the disease spread mechanism in the atmosphere as an engineering problem. Aerosol transmission is the most significant mode among the viral transmission mechanisms that do not include physical contact, where airflows carry virus-laden droplets over long distances.Throughout this work, we study the transport of these droplets as a molecular communication problem, where one has no control over the transmission source, but a robust receiver can be designed using bio-sensors. To this end, we present a complete system model and derive an end-to-end mathematical model for the transmission channel under certain constraints and boundary conditions. We derive the system response for both continuous sources such as breathing and jet or impulsive sources such as coughing and sneezing. In addition to transmitter and channel, we assumed a receiver architecture composed of air sampler and Silicon Nanowire field-effect transistor. Then, we formulate a detection problem to maximize the likelihood decision rule and minimize the corresponding missed detection probability. Finally, we present several numerical results to observe the impact of parameters that affect the performance and justify the feasibility of the proposed setup in related applications.




The coronavirus disease pandemic has brought critical challenges to anesthesiologists and perioperative practice. Whereas anesthesiologists may be primarily concerned with airway and respiratory management, the COVID-19 data accumulated to date indicate that primary and/or secondary cardiovascular complications are common. Previous studies have demonstrated that the mortality rate is significantly higher in patients with cardiovascular disease (CVD) than in patients without CVD. Dysregulation of immune function in patients with CVD may be involved in the prognosis of COVID-19 patients. Anesthesia and surgical procedures can modulate the immune system, and some patients undergoing surgery, particularly those undergoing cardiovascular procedures, have CVD. In perioperative management for patients with suspected or diagnosed COVID-19 and those who have recovered from COVID-19, it is important for anesthesiologists to be concerned not only with airway and respiratory management, but also with cardiovascular complications and perioperative circulatory management to control the progression of the disease in patients with COVID-19.




Energy attenuation and partitioning are important phenomena during laser-material interaction in laser based direct energy deposition (DED). They have immediate impact on molten pool thermal history and thus affecting the quality of the fabricated part. In this paper, a lumped capacity model was developed to analyze the energy attenuation and partitioning in DED for Inconel (IN) 718 fabrication. Energy absorption and reflection by powders and substrate, energy loss due to radiation and convection as well as latent heat of fusion were quantified based on experimental analysis. High-resolution infrared camera was used to measure the temperature of the molten pool. The energy attenuation by the powders was measured by a power meter. The results suggest that the energy attenuation coefficient of IN 718 in DED is 6.13 % when laser power is 250 W. Also, it is concluded that about 36.3 % of the laser energy is absorbed by the substrate, only a small amount of energy (less than 1 %) is lost due to radiation and convection.Energy efficiency (%)Energy attenuation and partitioning are important phenomena during laser-material interaction in laser based direct energy deposition (DED). They have immediate impact on molten pool thermal history and thus affecting the quality of the fabricated part. In this paper, a lumped capacity model was developed to analyze the energy attenuation and partitioning in DED for Inconel (IN) 718 fabrication. Energy absorption and reflection by powders and substrate, energy loss due to radiation and convection as well as latent heat of fusion were quantified based on experimental analysis. High-resolution infrared camera was used to measure the temperature of the molten pool. The energy attenuation by the powders was measured by a power meter. The results suggest that the energy attenuation coefficient of IN 718 in DED is 6.13 % when laser power is 250 W. Also, it is concluded that about 36.3 % of the laser energy is absorbed by the substrate, only a small amount of energy (less than 1 %) is lost due to radiation and convection.Energy attenuation and partitioning are important phenomena during laser-material interaction in laser based direct energy deposition (DED). They have immediate impact on molten pool thermal history and thus affecting the quality of the fabricated part. In this paper, a lumped capacity model was developed to analyze the energy attenuation and partitioning in DED for Inconel (IN) 718 fabrication. Energy absorption and reflection by powders and substrate, energy loss due to radiation and convection as well as latent heat of fusion were quantified based on experimental analysis. High-resolution infrared camera was used to measure the temperature of the molten pool. The energy attenuation by the powders was measured by a power meter. The results suggest that the energy attenuation coefficient of IN 718 in DED is 6.13 % when laser power is 250 W. Also, it is concluded that about 36.3 % of the laser energy is absorbed by the substrate, only a small amount of energy (less than 1 %) is lost due to radiation and convection.Energy attenuation and partitioning are important phenomena during laser-material interaction in laser based direct energy deposition (DED). They have immediate impact on molten pool thermal history and thus affecting the quality of the fabricated part. In this paper, a lumped capacity model was developed to analyze the energy attenuation and partitioning in DED for Inconel (IN) 718 fabrication. Energy absorption and reflection by powders and substrate, energy loss due to radiation and convection as well as latent heat of fusion were quantified based on experimental analysis. High-resolution infrared camera was used to measure the temperature of the molten pool. The energy attenuation by the powders was measured by a power meter. The results suggest that the energy attenuation coefficient of IN 718 in DED is 6.13 % when laser power is 250 W. Also, it is concluded that about 36.3 % of the laser energy is absorbed by the substrate, only a small amount of energy (less than 1 %) is lost due to radiation and convection.Energy attenuation and partitioning are important phenomena during laser-material interaction in laser based direct energy deposition (DED). They have immediate impact on molten pool thermal history and thus affecting the quality of the fabricated part. In this paper, a lumped capacity model was developed to analyze the energy attenuation and partitioning in DED for Inconel (IN) 718 fabrication. Energy absorption and reflection by powders and substrate, energy loss due to radiation and convection as well as latent heat of fusion were quantified based on experimental analysis. High-resolution infrared camera was used to measure the temperature of the molten pool. The energy attenuation by the powders was measured by a power meter. The results suggest that the energy attenuation coefficient of IN 718 in DED is 6.13 % when laser power is 250 W. Also, it is concluded that about 36.3 % of the laser energy is absorbed by the substrate, only a small amount of energy (less than 1 %) is lost due to radiation and convection.Energy attenuation and partitioning are important phenomena during laser-material interaction in laser based direct energy deposition (DED). They have immediate impact on molten pool thermal history and thus affecting the quality of the fabricated part. In this paper, a lumped capacity model was developed to analyze the energy attenuation and partitioning in DED for Inconel (IN) 718 fabrication. Energy absorption and reflection by powders and substrate, energy loss due to radiation and convection as well as latent heat of fusion were quantified based on experimental analysis. High-resolution infrared camera was used to measure the temperature of the molten pool. The energy attenuation by the powders was measured by a power meter. The results suggest that the energy attenuation coefficient of IN 718 in DED is 6.13 % when laser power is 250 W. Also, it is concluded that about 36.3 % of the laser energy is absorbed by the substrate, only a small amount of energy (less than 1 %) is lost due to radiation and convection.




J o u r n a l P r e -p r o o f




Empirical research spanning the past three decades has consistently upheld that traumatic experiences are prevalent (Gold,





Hematology Reports 2020; volume 12:8829






The following information is required for submission. Please note that failure to respond to these questions/statements will mean your submission will be returned. If you have nothing to declare in any of these categories then this should be stated.All authors must disclose any financial and personal relationships with other people or organisations that could inappropriately influence (bias) their work. Examples of potential conflicts of interest include employment, consultancies, stock ownership, honoraria, paid expert testimony, patent applications/registrations, and grants or other funding.Research studies involving patients require ethical approval. Please state whether approval has been given, name the relevant ethics committee and the state the reference number for their judgement.




The emergence of COVID-19 as a pandemic with a high morbidity rate is posing serious global concern. There is an urgent need to design a suitable therapy or vaccine that could fight against SARS-CoV-2 infection. As spike glycoprotein of SARS-CoV-2 plays a crucial role in receptor binding and membrane fusion inside the host, it could be a suitable target for designing of an epitope-based vaccine. SARS-CoV-2 is an RNA virus and thus has a property to mutate. So, a conserved peptide region of spike glycoprotein was used for predicting suitable B cell and T cell epitopes. 4 T cell epitopes were selected based on stability, antigenicity, allergenicity and toxicity. Further, MHC-I were found from the immune database that could best interact with the selected epitopes. Population coverage analysis was also done to check the presence of identified MHC-I, in the human population of the affected countries. The T cell epitope that binds with the respective MHC-I with highest affinity was chosen. Molecular dynamic simulation results show 2 | P a g e that the epitope is well selected. This is an in-silico based study that predicts a novel T cell epitope from the conserved spike glycoprotein that could act as a target for designing of the epitope-based vaccine. Further, B cell epitopes have also been found but the main work focuses on T cell epitope as the immunity generated by it is long lasting as compared to B cell epitope.Coronavirus infection is initiated with the interaction between the viral envelope and the host cellular membrane 1 . The viral envelope is made up of spike (S) and membrane (M) glycoproteins as well as envelope (E) non-glycosylated protein. S protein is a very important protein that is responsible for receptor binding, membrane fusion, internalization of the virus, tissue tropism and host range. Thus, S protein can be an appropriate target for vaccine development 2 . As there is an urgent need to fight with SARS coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) infection and vaccine are a cost-effective way to control it 3 .MATERIALS AND METHODThe following flowchart describes the method as seen in Figure 1. S glycoprotein (outer membrane) sequences of SARS-CoV-2 were retrieved from Regional collaboratory for structural bioinformatics protein data bank (RCSB PDB) database, in FASTA format for further analysis.MSA predicted the conserved region between different S glycoprotein sequences of SARS-CoV-2 that were available on PDB RCSB databank, using ClustalW.NetCTL1.2 found T-cell epitopes from the conserved S glycoprotein sequence of SARS-CoV-2, which have the potency to elicit an immune response. This prediction method included Major histocompatibility complex-I (MHC-I) binding along with TAP transport efficiency and 4 | P a g e proteasomal C-terminal (CT) cleavage. This type of epitope prediction is done taking into consideration of 12 MHC supertypes. MHC class I binding and proteasomal CT cleavage is done by using artificial neural network (ANN) method, whereas TAP transport efficiency is detected by using weight matrix.The parameters used in the analysis were set as follows: Threshold of 0.5 to maintain the sensitivity of 0.89 and specificity of 0.94, Supertype A1, Weight on CT and TAP transport efficiencies of 0.15 and 0.05, respectively.Further, the Immune epitope database (IEDB) tool predicted MHC-I binding with half maximal inhibitory concentration (IC50) values of the T-cell epitopes. MHC-I molecule binding, was calculated using Stabilized matrix-based method (SMM). Allele selection was done and the lengths of the epitopes were set to be 9.0, for proceeding with the binding analysis. This tool finally produced scores for the proteosomal processing, MHC-I binding, TAP transport and an overall score, which indicates the peptides intrinsic potential of a T-cell epitopes 4 .T cell epitope prediction that are effective in eliciting an immune response and are safe for the host, can save a lot of wet lab efforts. The following are the physiochemical properties that must




To quickly detect hotspots, the New York City Health Department launched a SARS-CoV-2 percent positivity cluster detection system using census tract resolution and the SaTScan prospective Poisson-based space-time scan statistic. Soon after implementation, this system prompted an investigation identifying a gathering with inadequate social distancing where viral transmission likely occurred.




Background: The risk of healthcare-acquired infection increases during outbreaks of novel infectious diseases. Emergency department (ED) clinicians are at high risk of exposure to both these and common communicable diseases. Personal protective equipment (PPE) is recommended to protect clinicians from acquiring, or becoming vectors of, infection, yet compliance is typically sub-optimal. Little is known about factors that influence use of PPE-specifically gloves and masks-during routine care in the ED. Methods: This was an ethnographic study, incorporating documentation review, field observations and interviews. The theoretical domains framework (TDF) was used to aid thematic analysis and identify relevant enablers of and barriers to optimal PPE use. Results: Thirty-one behavioural themes were identified that influenced participants' use of masks and gloves. There were significant differences, namely: more reported enablers of glove use vs more barriers to mask use. Reasons included more positive unit culture towards glove use, and lower perception of risk via facial contamination. Conclusion: Emerging infectious diseases, spread (among other routes) by respiratory droplets, have caused global outbreaks. Emergency clinicians should ensure that, as with gloves, the use of masks is incorporated into routine cares where appropriate. Further research which examines items of PPE independently is warranted. (R. Barratt).severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS), Middle East respiratory syndrome (MERS) and pandemic influenza A [2]. Healthcareassociated transmission of these viral infections, into previously unaffected communities, was a key feature of the early stages of, for example, SARS in Toronto and MERS in Seoul [3, 4] . A notable feature of both outbreaks was the high proportion of those affected who were healthcare workers, with reports of up to 27% and 57% for MERS and SARS, respectively [5] . First responders and emergency department (ED) clinicians are at high risk of exposure to both common and emerging communicable diseases of high consequence, as they are in close contact with symptomatic patients before a diagnosis is made [5] [6] [7] . For example, ED staff are among




Background: It is now common for parents to measure tympanic temperatures in children. The objective of this study was to assess the diagnostic accuracy of these measurements.Parents and then nurses measured the temperature of 60 children with a tympanic thermometer designed for home use (home thermometer). The reference standard was a temperature measured by a nurse with a model of tympanic thermometer commonly used in hospitals (hospital thermometer). A difference of ≥ 0.5 °C was considered clinically significant. A fever was defined as a temperature ≥ 38.5 °C.The mean absolute difference between the readings done by the parent and the nurse with the home thermometer was 0.44 ± 0.61 °C, and 33% of the readings differed by ≥ 0.5 °C. The mean absolute difference between the readings done by the parent with the home thermometer and the nurse with the hospital thermometer was 0.51 ± 0.63 °C, and 72 % of the readings differed by ≥ 0.5 °C. Using the home thermometer, parents detected fever with a sensitivity of 76% (95% CI 50-93%), a specificity of 95% (95% CI 84-99%), a positive predictive value of 87% (95% CI 60-98%), and a negative predictive value of 91% (95% CI 79-98 %). In comparing the readings the nurse obtained from the two different tympanic thermometers, the mean absolute difference was 0.24 ± 0.22 °C. Nurses detected fever with a sensitivity of 94% (95 % CI 71-100 %), a specificity of 88% (95% CI 75-96 %), a positive predictive value of 76% (95% CI 53-92%), and a negative predictive value of 97% (95%CI 87-100 %) using the home thermometer. The intraclass correlation coefficient for the three sets of readings was 0.80, and the consistency of readings was not affected by the body temperature.The readings done by parents with a tympanic thermometer designed for home use differed a clinically significant amount from the reference standard (readings done by nurses with a model of tympanic thermometer commonly used in hospitals) the majority of the time, and parents failed to detect fever about one-quarter of the time. Tympanic readings reported by parents should be interpreted with great caution.




-7 2.2 Neurologische Erkrankungen -11 2.3 Lungenerkrankungen -13 2.4 Magen-,Darm-, Leber-und Gallenblasenerkrankungen -14 2.5 Muskel-und Skeletterkrankungen -14 2.6 Krebserkrankungen -15 Literatur zu Kap. 2 -22 6 Kapitel 2 · Neuerkrankungsrate und Vorkommen chronischer Erkrankungen 2 Wohlstand und Alterung der Bevölkerung haben in allen westlichen Ländern dazu geführt, dass sowohl in der Krankenhausmedizin als auch in der ambulanten Betreuung von Patienten ein Großteil der verfügbaren Ressourcen für Diagnostik und Therapie von Patienten mit chronischen Erkrankungen eingesetzt wird. Aufwendungen für Patienten mit akuten Erkrankungen wie Verletzungen, Unfällen oder mit Infektionserkrankungen sind trotz des Auftretens neuer Infektionskrankheiten wie HIV/AIDS und SARS hingegen rückläufig. Schätzungen gehen davon aus, dass bis zu 40% einer Bevölkerung eines Landes der westlichen Hemisphäre an einer oder mehreren chronischen Krankheiten leiden können. > Für die strategische und operative Leistungsplanung im Krankenhaus ist es unablässig, die Neuerkrankungsraten von bestimmten häufi gen Erkrankungen (Inzidenz) und das Vorkommen von häufi gen Er kran kungen (Prävalenz) zu kennen, zukünftige Entwicklungen abzuschätzen und aus diesen Informationen die richtigen Schlüsse zu ziehen.




When running a lab we do not think about calamities, since they are rare events for which we cannot plan while we are busy with the day-to-day management and intellectual chal




Confinement measures during the COVID-19 pandemic have caused substantial reductions in global physical activity (PA) levels. In view of the manifold health benefits of PA, the development of interventions counteracting this trend is paramount. Our survey with 15,261 participants (38 ± 15 years, 58.5% females) examined preferences towards digital home exercise programs in 14 countries affected by COVID-19. More than two-thirds of the sample (68.4%, n = 10,433) indicated being interested in home exercise, and most participants were willing to work out at least three times per week (89.3%, n = 9328). Binary logistic regression revealed that female sex, working part-time, younger age, and being registered in a gym were associated with willingness to exercise. Flexibility (71.1%, n = 7377), resistance (68.6%, n = 7116), and endurance training (62.4%, n = 6478) were the most preferred types of exercise. Our results may guide health providers in developing individually tailored PA interventions during the current and future pandemics.




Background: The current influenza vaccines are effective against seasonal influenza, but cannot be manufactured in a timely manner for a sudden pandemic or to be cost-effective to immunize huge flocks of birds. We propose a novel influenza vaccine composing a bacterial carrier and a plasmid cargo. In the immunized subjects, the bacterial carrier invades and releases its cargo into host cells where the plasmid expresses viral RNAs and proteins for reconstitution of attenuated influenza virus. Here we aimed to construct a mouse PolI-driven plasmid for efficient production of influenza virus. Results: A plasmid was constructed to express all influenza viral RNAs and proteins. This all-in-one plasmid resulted in 10 5 -10 6 50 % tissue culture infective dose (TCID 50 )/mL of influenza A virus in baby hamster kidney (BHK-21) cells on the third day post-transfection, and also reconstituted influenza virus in Madin-Darby canine kidney (MDCK) and Chinese hamster ovary (CHO) cells. A 6-unit plasmid was constructed by deleting the HA and NA cassettes from the all-in-one plasmid. Cotransfection of BHK-21 cells with the 6-unit plasmid and the two other plasmids encoding the HA or NA genes resulted in influenza virus titers similar to those produced by the 1-plasmid method.Conclusions: An all-in-one plasmid and a 3-plasmid murine PolI-driven reverse genetics systems were developed, and efficiently reconstituted influenza virus in BHK-21 cells. The all-in-one plasmid may serve as a tool to determine the factors inhibiting virus generation from a large size plasmid. In addition, we recommend a simple and robust ""1 + 2"" approach to generate influenza vaccine seed virus.





GHS; USAID; CDC; WHO Background: In 2016, as a component of the Global Health Security Agenda, the Vietnam Ministry of Health expanded its existing influenza sentinel surveillance for severe acute respiratory infections (SARI) to include testing for 7 additional viral respiratory pathogens. This article describes the steps taken to implement expanded SARI surveillance in Vietnam and reports data from 1 year of expanded surveillance.The process of expanding the suite of pathogens for routine testing by real-time reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction (rRT-PCR) included laboratory trainings, procurement/distribution of reagents, and strengthening and aligning SARI surveillance epidemiology practices at sentinel sites and regional institutes (RI).: Surveillance data showed that of 4003 specimens tested by the RI laboratories, 20.2% (n = 810) were positive for influenza virus. Of the 3193 influenza-negative specimens, 41.8% (n = 1337) were positive for at least 1 non-influenza respiratory virus, of which 16.2% (n = 518), 13.4% (n = 428), and 9.6% (n = 308) tested positive for respiratory syncytial virus, rhinovirus, and adenovirus, respectively.The Government of Vietnam has demonstrated that expanding respiratory viral surveillance by strengthening and building upon an influenza platform is feasible, efficient, and practical.adenovirus, global health security, influenza virus, respiratory syncytial virus, rhinovirus, severe acute respiratory infection, Vietnam | 633 ALROY et AL.




We introduce a compact pangenome representation based on an optimal segmentation concept that aims to reconstruct founder sequences from a multiple sequence alignment (MSA). Such founder sequences have the feature that each row of the MSA is a recombination of the founders. Several linear time dynamic programming algorithms have been previously devised to optimize segmentations that induce founder blocks that then can be concatenated into a set of founder sequences. All possible concatenation orders can be expressed as a founder block graph. We observe a key property of such graphs: if the node labels (founder segments) do not repeat in the paths of the graph, such graphs can be indexed for efficient string matching. We call such graphs segment repeat-free founder block graphs.We give a linear time algorithm to construct a segment repeat-free founder block graph given an MSA. The algorithm combines techniques from the founder segmentation algorithms (Cazaux et al. SPIRE 2019) and fully-functional bidirectional Burrows-Wheeler index (Belazzougui and Cunial, CPM 2019). We derive a succinct index structure to support queries of arbitrary length in the paths of the graph.Experiments on an MSA of SAR-CoV-2 strains are reported. An MSA of size 410 × 29811 is compacted in one minute into a segment repeat-free founder block graph of 3900 nodes and 4440 edges. The maximum length and total length of node labels is 12 and 34968, respectively. The index on the graph takes only 3% of the size of the MSA.





Using 65 transmission pairs of SARS-CoV-2 reported to the Brazilian Ministry of Health we estimate the mean and standard deviation for the serial interval to be 2.97 and 3.29 days respectively. We also present a model for the serial interval probability distribution using only two parameters.




During virus infection B cells are critical for the production of antibodies and protective immunity.Establishment of a diverse antibody repertoire occurs by rearrangement of germline DNA at the immunoglobulin heavy and light chain loci to encode the membrane-bound form of antibodies, the B cell antigen receptor. Little is known about the B cells and antigen receptors stimulated by the novel human coronavirus SARS-CoV-2. Here we show that the human B cell compartment in patients with diagnostically con rmed SARS-CoV-2 and clinical COVID-19 is rapidly altered with the early recruitment of




The appearance of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) has provoked a global public health emergency, spreading to more than 150 countries, 1 and Italy has been particularly affected.The COVID-19 pandemic has represented a contemporary ""sui generis"" challenge for healthy system requiring a sudden reorganization of hospital structures and resettlement of therapeutic algorithms. The directives of the Italian Ministry of Health indicated to postpone all nonurgent surgical procedures and outpatient services, performing only urgent interventions or procedures for oncological pathologies. On March, the American College of Surgeons published guidelines for triage of nonemergent surgical intervention during the coronavirus pandemic, based on the Elective Surgery Acuity Scale (ESAS). 2 The ESAS considers lowrisk cancer as tier 2a (deferrable whenever possible) and other cancers as tier 3 a and so not deferrable. 2 Cancer patients have an elevated risk for acquiring COVID-19 and subsequent complications because of their immunodepression, poor functional status, and frequent hospital visits and admissions. 3 Moreover, Liang et al reported that oncologic patients who underwent surgery in the 30 days before contracting COVID-19 in China developed more frequently a severe form of disease compared to those who did not underwent surgery. 4 Breast carcinoma is the most frequent malignancy among women, and its modern surgical treatment nowadays includes breast reconstruction. Given the rapid evolution of the current situation, very few data of the different breast units about the present attitude toward breast cancer management are available. 5 Breast surgeons seem to agree on the fact that delaying elective surgical procedures may be more appropriate for select cases such as clinical stage I or stage II in which 60-day delays in surgical intervention were not associated with worse oncological outcomes. 6,7 To date, no guidelines on breast reconstructive surgery have been published. The aim of this article is to report our decision-making attitude during COVID-19 emergency in the field of breast reconstruction. In line with government directives, our institution limits elective surgery to oncologic procedures, and the reconstructive time is considered an integrated part of the treatment. All admitted patients undergo a pharyngeal swab at time of hospitalization. Our breast unit delays surgical treatment for low-grade tumors and ductal carcinoma in situ, while other breast cancer patients are offered lumpectomy or mastectomy as needed. Patients are evaluated case by case by a multidisciplinary team composed by breast surgeon, oncologist, radiologist and plastic surgeon to minimize the exposure to COVID-19 without compromising oncological safety and offering the best possible aesthetic outcome. The plastic surgeon purpose should be to achieve a satisfactory aesthetic result by adopting the easiest technique, limiting as much as possible operating times, risk of postoperative complication, duration of hospitalization, and outpatient visits. Another crucial point is to inform the patient about the hypothetic increased risk to contract COVID-19 derived from an expansion of operative time and an increase in outpatient visits.Practically, free flap reconstruction has been suspended and local flaps are rarely used whenever immediate autologous reconstruction is absolutely needed. Indeed, we think that in case of mastectomy after previous breast conserving surgery and radiation therapy, a delayed autologous breast reconstruction is the safer option.At this time, prepectoral or subpectoral implant-based reconstruction (IBR) represents the most simple and effective choice. In all




Background: COVID-




The coronavirus pandemic is having detrimental impacts on individuals with opioid use disorder. Social isolation, decreased access to medications or illicit drug supply, and reduced access to harm-reduction strategies all compound the challenges facing a vulnerable population with comorbid conditions. The ED continues to offer access to care 24/7/365 and is a proven setting for initiating treatment with buprenorphine for individuals with OUD, providing overdose education and naloxone distribution and referral to community resources. Through reforms such as eliminating the burdensome regulatory requirement for obtaining a DATA 2000 waiver to prescribe, allowing longer prescriptions for buprenorphine, and requiring naloxone distribution, we can overcome barriers to treatment. Accelerating adoption of quality measures for ED-initiation of buprenorphine and referral for ongoing treatment and other reforms are urgently warranted.Amid an opioid epidemic that has resulted in more than 446,000 overdose deaths during 1999-2018 with 46,802 reported in 2018 alone,1 the Covid-19 pandemic has the potential to make these numbers even worse. We know that the emergency department offers 24/7/365 access to care and that with large increases in ED visits for opioid overdose and drug-related reasons, the ED is on the frontline of these concurrently escalating epidemics.2 Drug-related visits to U.S. EDs doubled from 2006 to 2014,3 with rates of opioid overdose increasing 30% from 2016 to 2017.4 Alarmingly, an increasing number of reports from national, state, and local media suggest an increase in opioidrelated mortality in communities across the U.S. from early May 2020.5 , 6 We know that individuals




There was rapid expansion and uptake of telemedicine during the COVID-19 pandemic, with ensuing reports of high patient satisfaction. However, the surgical patients' perspective on continuing virtual visits during the recovery phase and beyond has yet to be studied on a large scale.Objective: This study aims to determine the public's perception of telemedicine surgical consultations, during the COVID-19 pandemic and beyond.With rapid expansion and uptake of telemedicine during the pandemic, many have posited that virtual visits will endure even as in-person visits are reinstated. The public's perception of telemedicine for an initial surgical consultation has not been previously studied.A 43-question survey assessed respondents' attitudes toward telemedicine for initial consultations with surgeons, both in the context of COVID-19 and during ""normal circumstances."" Participants were recruited through Amazon Mechanical Turk, an online crowdsourcing marketplace.Results: Based on 1827 analyzable responses, we found that a majority (86%) of respondents reported being satisfied (either extremely or somewhat) with telemedicine encounters.Interestingly, preference for in-person versus virtual surgical consultation reflected access to care, with preference for telemedicine decreasing from 72% to 33% when COVID-related social Copyright © 2020 Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. Unauthorized reproduction of this article is prohibited. distancing ends. Preferences for virtual visits decreased with increasing complexity of the surgical intervention, even during the pandemic. A majority felt that ""establishing trust and comfort"" was best accomplished in person, and the vast majority felt it was important to meet their surgeons prior to the day of surgery.The public views telemedicine as an acceptable substitute for in-person visits, especially during the pandemic. However, it appears that an in-person interaction is still preferred when possible for surgical consultations. If telemedicine services are to persist beyond social distancing, further exploration of its impact on the patient-surgeon relationship will be needed.pandemic. However, it may be that an in-person interaction is still preferred when at all possiblefor initial surgical consultations. Ifexpanded telemedicine services are to persist beyond social distancing, the impact it could have on patient satisfaction and the therapeutic relationship between surgeons and their patients will need to be further explored.




A growing body of evidence indicates sex differences in the clinical outcomes of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) 1-4 . However, whether immune responses against SARS-CoV-2 differ between sexes, and whether such differences explain male susceptibility to COVID-19, is currently unknown. In this study, we examined sex differences in viral loads, SARS-CoV-2specific antibody titers, plasma cytokines, as well as blood cell phenotyping in COVID-19 patients. By focusing our analysis on patients with mild to moderate disease who had not received immunomodulatory medications, our results revealed that male patients had higher plasma levels of innate immune cytokines and chemokines including IL-8, IL-18, and CCL5, along with more robust induction of non-classical monocytes. In contrast, female patients mounted significantly more robust T cell activation than male patients during SARS-CoV-2 infection, which was sustained in old age. Importantly, we found that a poor T cell response negatively correlated with patients' age and was predictive of worse disease outcome in male patients, but not in female patients. Conversely, higher innate immune cytokines in female patients associated with worse disease progression, but not in male patients. These findings reveal a possible explanation underlying observed sex biases in COVID-19, and provide important basis for the development of sex-based approach to the treatment and care of men and women with COVID-19.






Bagaza virus is a mosquito-borne flavivirus, first isolated in 1966 in Central African Republic. It has currently been identified in mosquito pools collected in the field in West and Central Africa. Emergence in wild birds in Europe and serological evidence in encephalitis patients in India raise questions on its genetic evolution and the diversity of isolates circulating in Africa. To better understand genetic diversity and evolution of Bagaza virus, we describe the full-genome characterization of 11 West African isolates, sampled from 1988 to 2014. Parameters such as genetic distances, N-glycosylation patterns, recombination events, selective pressures, and its codon adaptation to human genes are assessed. Our study is noteworthy for the observation of N-glycosylation and recombination in Bagaza virus and provides insight into its Indian origin from the 13th century. Interestingly, evidence of Bagaza virus codon adaptation to human house-keeping genes is also observed to be higher than those of other flaviviruses well known in human infections. Genetic variations on genome of West African Bagaza virus could play an important role in generating diversity and may promote Bagaza virus adaptation to other vertebrates and become an important threat in human health.2 of 26 meningoencephalitis virus (ITV), a pathogen affecting poultry (turkeys) and close to West Nile virus (WNV) in several genomic regions [3, 11] . Although diverse studies have contributed greatly to our understanding of the transmission modes of BAGV [8, 12] and the pathogenesis of BAGV infection [13] , only one study has addressed BAGV genetic diversity, reporting a high homology >90% between Central African Republic, Indian and Spanish BAGV isolates [9] . In West Africa, there is a lack of data on BAGV genetic diversity. To fill this gap and gain better insights into BAGV molecular evolution, we characterized the full-genome of 11 BAGV isolates, sampled from 1988 to 2014 in Senegal and Côte d'Ivoire. Firstly, we assessed genetic distances, phylogenetically informative sites found in more than one sequence contributing to branch ordering, N-glycosylation patterns, recombination events, selective pressures on West African BAGV sequences and their evolutionary phylogenetic relationships with previously available BAGV genomes. Secondly, to assess evidence of future BAGV codon adaptation to human house-keeping genes, a bio-informatics approach was used for analysis of codon adaptation biases.




Background: Epi-Aids, or epidemiologic assistance investigations, are an important mechanism through which Centers for Disease Control and Prevention supports public health organizations. We described the characteristics of Epi-Aids conducted during 2005-2014 and summarized the publication outcome of Epi-Aid related scientific information products.We performed a descriptive analysis of all Epi-Aids conducted during January 1, 2005-December 31, 2014; investigations were categorized by health topic and geographic distribution. We highlighted investigations of substantial public health importance, e.g., multistate investigations and investigations of epidemics and pandemics. We identified the Epi-Aid publication outcome by searching PubMed for Epi-Aid related publications, which included Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Reports (MMWRs) and peer-reviewed publications with an Epidemic Intelligence Service Officer (EISO) as a coauthor. We calculated publication timeliness and categorized publications by journal impact factor.During the study period, 698 EISOs and their collaborators participated in 807 Epi-Aids throughout the United States and globally. Approximately 81 Epi-Aids were conducted annually (range, 62-104); 632 (78.3%) were infectious disease-related; 161 (20.0%) were international, supporting 68 countries. As of June 2015, EISOs, in collaboration with partners, published 131 MMWRs and 280 scientific manuscripts on the basis of the 807 Epi-Aids conducted during the study period; 394 (48.8%) Epi-Aids resulted in publications in 80 peer-reviewed journals.EISOs play a critical role in conducting Epi-Aids, which require qualified field epidemiologists who can rapidly respond to requests for assistance during public health emergencies. Publications based on Epi-Aids share new knowledge with the scientific community, furthering progress of public health science and practice.This is an open access article distributed under the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.




The dynamics and significance of aerosol transmission of respiratory viruses are still controversial, for the major reasons that virus aerosols are inefficiently collected by commonly used air samplers and that the collected viruses are inactivated by the collection method. Without knowledge of virus viability, infection risk analyses lack accuracy. This pilot study was performed to (i) determine whether infectious (viable) respiratory viruses in aerosols could be collected from air in a real world environment by the viable virus aerosol sampler (VIVAS), (ii) compare and contrast the efficacy of the standard bioaerosol sampler, the BioSampler, with that of the VIVAS for the collection of airborne viruses in a real world environment, and (iii) gain insights for the use of the VIVAS for respiratory virus sampling. The VIVAS operates via a water vapor condensation process to enlarge aerosolized virus particles to facilitate their capture. A variety of viable human respiratory viruses, including influenza A H1N1 and H3N2 viruses and influenza B viruses, were collected by the VIVAS located at least 2 m from seated patients, during a late-onset 2016 influenza virus outbreak. Whereas the BioSampler when operated following our optimized parameters also collected virus aerosols, it was nevertheless overall less successful based on a lower frequency of virus isolation in most cases. This side-by-side comparison highlights some limitations of past studies based on impingement-based sampling, which may have generated false-negative results due to either poor collection efficiency and/or virus inactivation due to the collection process. IMPORTANCE The significance of virus aerosols in the natural transmission of respiratory diseases has been a contentious issue, primarily because it is difficult to collect or sample virus aerosols using currently available air sampling devices. We tested a new air sampler based on water vapor condensation for efficient sampling of viable airborne respiratory viruses in a student health care center as a model of a real world environment. The new sampler outperformed the industry standard device (the SKC BioSampler) in the collection of natural virus aerosols and in maintaining virus viability. These results using the VIVAS indicate that respiratory virus aerosols are more prevalent and potentially pose a greater inhalation biohazard than previously thought. The VIVAS thus appears to be a useful apparatus for microbiology air quality tests related to the detection of viable airborne viruses.




The recent outbreak of SARS-CoV-2 has prompted healthcare professionals to re-design and modify the standards of care and operating procedures relevant to dealing with suspected or confirmed cases of COVID-19. The aim of this review is to highlight the key recommendations related to obstetric anaesthesia from scientific bodies in the United Kingdom and United States and to summarize recently developed and implemented clinical pathways for care of obstetric patients -specifically those requiring urgent general anaesthesia for caesarean section within a large maternity unit in London. The need to perform an emergency operative delivery in a timely manner while ensuring clinicians are suitably equipped and protected represents a uniquely challenging scenario, given the higher risk of viral transmission with aerosol generating procedures. In these settings, emphasis needs to be put on meticulous preparation, safety checklists and specific equipment and staffing adjustments. We present a structured framework comprised of four critical steps aimed to facilitate the development of local strategies and protocols.




Since the outbreak of the new coronavirus epidemic, novel coronavirus has infected nearly 100,000 people in more than 110 countries. How to face this new coronavirus epidemic outbreak is an important issue. Basic reproduction number (R0) is an important parameter in epidemiology; The basic reproduction number of an infection can be thought of as the expected number of cases directly generated by one case in a population where all individuals are susceptible to infection. Epidemiology dynamics is a mathematical model based on a susceptibility-infection-recovery epidemic model. Researchers analyzed the epidemiological benefits of different transmission rates for the establishment of effective strategy in prevention and control strategies for epidemic infectious diseases. In this review, the early use of TCM for light and ordinary patients, can rapidly improve symptoms, shorten hospitalization days and reduce severe cases transformed from light and normal. Many TCM formulas and products have wide application in treating infectious and non-infectious diseases. The TCM theoretical system of treating epidemic diseases with TCM and the treatment scheme of integrated Chinese and Western medicine have proved their effectiveness in clinical practice. TCM can cure COVID-19 pneumonia, and also shows that the role of TCM in blocking the progress of COVID-19 pneumonia.




The vast majority of bacteria on earth have not yet been cultivated. There are many bacterial phyla with no cultivated examples including most members of the Candidate Phylum Radiation with the exception of human oral isolates from the phylum Saccharibacteria. Aims: The aims of this research were to develop reproducible methods and validate approaches for the cultivation of human oral Saccharibacteria and to identify the conceptual pitfalls that delayed isolation of these bacteria for 20 years after their discovery. Methods: Oral samples were dispersed and passed through 0.2 µm membrane filters. The ultrasmall saccharibacterial cells in the filtrate were pelleted, inoculated into broth cultures of potential bacterial host cells and passaged into fresh medium every 2-3 days. Results: Thirty-two isolates representing four species of Saccharibacteria were isolated in stable coculture with three species of host bacteria from the phylum Actinobacteria. Complete genome sequences were obtained for 16 isolates. Conclusions: Human oral Saccharibacteria are obligate bacterial parasites that can be stably passaged in coculture with specific species of host bacteria. Isolating these important members of the human oral microbiome, and many natural environments, requires abandoning many of Koch's concepts and methods and embracing novel microbiological approaches.ARTICLE HISTORY





The use of large quantities of antimicrobial drugs for human health and agriculture is advancing the predominance of drug resistant pathogens in the environment. Antimicrobial resistance is now a major public health threat posing significant challenges for achieving the Sustainable Development Goals. In Bangladesh, where over one third of the population is below the poverty line, the achievement of safe and effective antibiotic medication use for human health is challenging. Objective: To explore factors and practices around access and use of antibiotics and understanding of antimicrobial resistance in rural communities in Bangladesh from a socio-cultural perspective. Methods: This qualitative study comprises the second phase of the multi-country ABACUS (Antibiotic Access and Use) project in Matlab, Bangladesh. Information was collected through six focus group discussions and 16 in-depth interviews. Informants were selected from ten villages in four geographic locations using the Health and Demographic Surveillance System database. The Access to Healthcare Framework guided the interpretation and framing of the findings in terms of individuals' abilities to: perceive, seek, reach, pay and engage with healthcare. Results: Village pharmacies were the preferred and trusted source of antibiotics for selftreatment. Cultural and religious beliefs informed the use of herbal and other complementary medicines. Advice on antibiotic use was also sourced from trusted friends and family members. Access to government-run facilities required travel on poorly maintained roads. Reports of structural corruption, stock-outs and patient safety risks eroded trust in the public sector. Some expressed a willingness to learn about antibiotic resistance. Conclusion: Antimicrobial resistance is both a health and development issue. Social and economic contexts shape medicine seeking, use and behaviours. Multi-sectoral action is needed to confront the underlying social, economic, cultural and political drivers that impact on the access and use of antibiotic medicines in Bangladesh.ARTICLE HISTORY




One important application of quantum process algebras is to formally verify quantum communication protocols. With a suitable notion of behavioural equivalence and a decision method, one can determine if an implementation of a protocol is consistent with its specification. Ground bisimulation is a convenient behavioural equivalence for quantum processes because of its associated coinduction proof technique. We exploit this technique to design and implement two on-the-fly algorithms for the strong and weak versions of ground bisimulation to check if two given processes in quantum CCS are equivalent. We then develop a tool that can verify interesting quantum protocols such as the BB84 quantum key distribution scheme.Artifact 2020 Accepted 1. q ∈ qv(P ) in the process c!q.P ; 2. qv(P ) ∩ qv(Q) = ∅ in the process P || Q;




We present an oblique plane microscope (OPM) that uses a bespoke glass-tipped tertiary objective to improve the resolution, field of view, and usability over previous variants. Owing to its high numerical aperture optics, this microscope achieves lateral and axial resolutions that are comparable to the square illumination mode of lattice light-sheet microscopy, but in a user friendly and versatile format. Given this performance, we demonstrate high-resolution imaging of clathrin-mediated endocytosis, vimentin, the endoplasmic reticulum, membrane dynamics, and Natural Killer-mediated cytotoxicity. Furthermore, we image biological phenomena that would be otherwise challenging or impossible to perform in a traditional light-sheet microscope geometry, including cell migration through confined spaces within a microfluidic device, subcellular photoactivation of Rac1, diffusion of cytoplasmic rheological tracers at a volumetric rate of 14 Hz, and large field of view imaging of neurons, developing embryos, and centimeter-scale tissue sections. Sapoznik et al. eLife 2020;9:e57681. DOI: https://doi.org/10.7554/eLife.57681 1 of 39 RESEARCH ARTICLE Sapoznik et al. eLife 2020;9:e57681.




Classical swine fever (CSF) is a highly contagious viral disease of pigs which causes major economic losses worldwide. No specific drug is currently available for the effective treatment of CSFV infection; however, RNA interference (RNAi) has been applied successfully to inhibit the replication of human and other animal viruses. In this study, three effective siRNAs targeting NS3 of CSFV were selected. siNS3-2 targeting NS3 gene was chosen for further experimentation, while siN1 and siN2 targeting N pro gene, and siNS5B targeting NS5B gene describe previously. Single, double and quadruple anti-CSFV siRNA expression plasmids, with loxp sites at each end of the selectable marker genes, were constructed and analyzed using the same promoters or four different promoters, targeting N pro , NS3 and NS5B genes of CSFV. Results indicate that single or multiple siRNA expression plasmids can efficiently inhibit CSFV replication and that inhibition was markedly stronger when multiple siRNAs were expressed targeting different genes of CSFV. Since RNAi applied to anti-CSFV research, this study provides anti-CSFV methods by single and multiple siRNA expression which can target most viral isolates of different subtypes and prevent viral escape. It also provides a basis for development of CSFV-resistant transgenic pigs.




2 Provide an accurate summary of the background, research objectives, including details of the species or strain of animal used, key methods, principal findings and conclusions of the study.




A new respiratory infectious epidemic, severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS), broke out and spread throughout the world. By now the putative pathogen of SARS has been identified as a new coronavirus, a single positive-strand RNA virus. RNA viruses commonly have a high rate of genetic mutation. It is therefore important to know the mutation rate of the SARS coronavirus as it spreads through the population. Moreover, finding a date for the last common ancestor of SARS coronavirus strains would be useful for understanding the circumstances surrounding the emergence of the SARS pandemic and the rate at which SARS coronavirus diverge.We propose a mathematical model to estimate the evolution rate of the SARS coronavirus genome and the time of the last common ancestor of the sequenced SARS strains. Under some common assumptions and justifiable simplifications, a few simple equations incorporating the evolution rate (K) and time of the last common ancestor of the strains (T 0 ) can be deduced. We then implemented the least square method to estimate K and T 0 from the dataset of sequences and corresponding times. Monte Carlo stimulation was employed to discuss the results.Results: Based on 6 strains with accurate dates of host death, we estimated the time of the last common ancestor to be about August or September 2002, and the evolution rate to be about 0.16 base/day, that is, the SARS coronavirus would on average change a base every seven days. We validated our method by dividing the strains into two groups, which coincided with the results from comparative genomics.The applied method is simple to implement and avoid the difficulty and subjectivity of choosing the root of phylogenetic tree. Based on 6 strains with accurate date of host death, we estimated a time of the last common ancestor, which is coincident with epidemic investigations, and an evolution rate in the same range as that reported for the HIV-1 virus.




During a natural outbreak of transmissible gastroenteritis (TGE), groups of piglets were treated orally for 4 consecutive days with placebo or 1.0, 10.0 or 20.0 international units (IU ) natural human interferon alpha (nHuIFNa ). Piglets that were I -12 days of age and given 1.0, 10.0 or 20.0 IU nHuIFNa had significantly (PcO.01) greater survival rates than placebo-treated piglets; survival rates were the greater for the highest level of nHuIFNcx treatment. In contrast, beneficial effects of nHuIFNcr were not observed in piglets farrowed during the disease outbreak and given nHuIFNa within hours of birth. Oral nHuIFNa! therapy modulates the natural course of high morbidity and mortality commonly seen with TGE. * Corresponding author. 0165-2427/95/$09.50 0 1995 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved SSDIOl65-2427(94)05351-R 356 J.M. Cummins et al. / Veterinary Immunology andlmmunopathology 45 (1995) 355-360





word count) -N/A Table -0 Figure -1 Text (word count) -496 Running title -COVID-19 reactivation proven by sequencing J o u r n a l P r e -p r o o f





Enteroviruses (e.g., poliovirus, enterovirus-A71, coxsackievirus, enterovirus-D68, rhinovirus) include many human pathogens causative of various mild and more severe diseases, especially in young children. Unfortunately, antiviral drugs to treat enterovirus infections have not been approved yet. Over the past decades, several direct-acting inhibitors have been developed, including capsid binders, which block virus entry, and inhibitors of viral enzymes required for genome replication. Capsid binders and protease inhibitors have been clinically evaluated, but failed due to limited efficacy or toxicity issues. As an alternative approach, host-targeting inhibitors with potential broad-spectrum activity have been identified. Furthermore, drug repurposing screens have recently uncovered promising new inhibitors with disparate viral and host targets. Together, these findings raise hope for the development of (broad-range) anti-enteroviral drugs.




Growth of Legionella pneumophila and other opportunistic pathogens (OPs) in drinking water premise plumbing poses an increasing public health concern. Premise plumbing is constructed of a variety of materials, creating complex environments that vary chemically, microbiologically, spatially, and temporally in a manner likely to influence survival and growth of OPs. Here we systematically review the literature to critically examine the varied effects of common metallic (copper, iron) and plastic (PVC, cross-linked polyethylene (PEX)) pipe materials on factors influencing OP growth in drinking water, including nutrient availability, disinfectant levels, and the composition of the broader microbiome. Plastic pipes can leach organic carbon, but demonstrate a lower disinfectant demand and fewer water chemistry interactions. Iron pipes may provide OPs with nutrients directly or indirectly, exhibiting a high disinfectant demand and potential to form scales with high surface areas suitable for biofilm colonization. While copper pipes are known for their antimicrobial properties, evidence of their efficacy for OP control is inconsistent. Under some circumstances, copper's interactions with premise plumbing water chemistry and resident microbes can encourage growth of OPs. Plumbing design, configuration, and operation can be manipulated to control such interactions and health outcomes. Influences of pipe materials on OP physiology should also be considered, including the possibility of influencing virulence and antibiotic resistance. In conclusion, all known pipe materials have a potential to either stimulate or inhibit OP growth, depending on the circumstances. This review delineates some of these circumstances and informs future research and guidance towards effective deployment of pipe materials for control of OPs.




Replication of avian infectious bronchitis virus in permissive BHK-21 cells is blocked when these cells are enucleated or irradiated with ultraviolet light prior to infection, or if cells sre treated with a-amanitin during the virus growth cycle. This coronavirus, like influenza virus, can replicate normally in the presence of cr-amanitin in Chinese hamster ovary cells which possess a drug-resistant RNA polymerase II. These findings indicate that avian infectious bronchitis virus requires the intact cell nucleus and one or more host transcriptional functions for productive infections, Preliminary data suggest that these cellular functions involve some aspect of virus-directed RNA synthesis.




The purpose of this paper is to explore the current literature on telemedicine in otolaryngology, focusing on the potential for telemedicine in the field and the major modalities available.Ultimately, the goal is to summarize telemedicine implementation in otolaryngology during the COVID-19 pandemic and potential long term applications. This paper analyzes a variety of studies that have evaluated the efficacy of different telemedicine approaches in otolaryngology,with commentary on what these results mean for the potential of telemedicine during the COVID-19 pandemic. Otolaryngology is well-suited for telemedicine, and this technology is viewed favorably by both patients and physicians. However, its application cannot be generalized to such a wide-ranging specialty. Furthermore, store and forward technology, which has been traditionally used to provide care to remote and underserved populations, and synchronous technology both have the potential to limit unnecessary in-person visits-ultimately keeping both patients and providers safe as social distancing continues.




The health benefits of exercise in type 1 and type 2 diabetesThe best-laid schemes o' mice an' men gang aft agley (To a Mouse, Robert Burns, 1785). We planned this series of minireviews in Diabetologia to coincide with the 2020 Olympic Games. Instead, I hope the articles will provide a timely stimulus to us all, to increase our activities again as we emerge from COVID-19 lockdown. Regular exercise is known to improve insulin sensitivity and metabolic health in people with type 1 and type 2 diabetes, but how exactly does it do this and how should these individuals exercise? In this issue, we have commissioned a mini-series of reviews to try to answer these questions. Gemmink et al (https://doi.org/10.1007/s00125-020-05170-z) begin this series by providing a muscle-centred view on the beneficial impact of exercise on fat metabolism and, consequently, insulin sensitivity. The authors explain how regular exercise may alter lipid droplet characteristics in the human muscle (and liver) in insulin-resistant individuals, resulting in an 'athletelike' phenotype that is associated with improved insulin sensitivity. Other than the muscle, the liver, adipose tissue, vasculature and pancreas also play a role in the beneficial effects of exercise. Thyfault and Bergouignan (https://doi.org/10.1007/ s00125-020-05177-6) explain how exercise activates metabolic changes in these non-skeletal-muscle tissues and how the adaptations can protect against metabolic diseases. So, it is clear that exercise is beneficial for individuals with diabetes, but how in practice should exercise be carried out? In Diabetologia https://doi.




There is a worldwide shortage of reagents to perform detection of SARS-CoV-2. Many clinical diagnostic laboratories rely on commercial platforms that provide integrated end-to-end solutions. While this provides established robust pipelines, there is a clear bottleneck in the supply of reagents given the current situation of extraordinary high demand. Some laboratories resort to implementing kit-free handling procedures, but many other small laboratories will not have the capacity to develop those and/or will perform manual handling of their samples. In order to provide multiple workflows for SARS-CoV-2 nucleic acid detection we compared several commercially available RNA extraction methods: QIAamp Viral RNA Mini Kit (QIAGEN), the recently developed RNAdvance Blood (Beckman) and Mag-Bind Viral DNA/RNA 96 Kit (Omega Bio-tek). We also compared different 1-step RT-qPCR Master Mix brands: TaqMan™ Fast Virus 1-Step Master Mix (ThermoFisher Scientific), qPCRBIO Probe 1-Step Go Lo-ROX (PCR Biosystems) and Luna® Universal Probe One-Step RT-qPCR Kit (NEB). We used the Centre for Disease Control (CDC) recommended primers that detect two regions of the viral N gene as well as those that detect the RdRP gene region as per Public Health England (PHE) guidelines (Charité/WHO/PHE). Our data show that the RNA extraction methods provide similar results. Amongst the qPCR reagents tested, TaqMan™ Fast Virus 1-Step Master Mix and Luna® Universal Probe One-Step RT-qPCR Kit proved most sensitive. The N1 and N2 primer-probes provide a more reliable detection than the RdRP_SARSr primer-probe set, particularly in samples with low viral titres. Importantly, we have implemented a protocol using heat inactivation and demonstrate that it has minimal impact on the sensitivity of the qPCR in clinical samples -potentially making SARS-CoV-2 testing portable to settings that do not have CL-3 facilities. In summary, we provide several testing pipelines that can be easily implemented in other laboratories and have made all our protocols and SOPs freely available at https://osf.io/uebvj/.




colchicine in pain reduction and physical functioning of adult patients with knee OA. 5 Nonetheless, the quality of this evidence is limited since the review only included five randomized control trials with small sample size and considerable risk of bias. Given that this systematic review of the literature was conducted in November 2016, an update on this topic is justified to improve the quality of the evidence about the efficacy and safety of colchicine on any type of OA.To evaluate the efficacy and safety of colchicine on pain, physical function, and adverse consequences in patients with OA.PICOS strategy will be used to determine the eligibility of studies based on: Population, Interventions, Comparators, Outcomes, and Study design.Adult participants older than 18 years, of any sex, and diagnosed with OA according to the American College of Rheumatology criteria or similar approaches. 6Interventions/exposure (I): Oral alone or in combination with other conventional drugs such as Paracetamol or NSAIDs.Colchicine, in the form of Colchicum autumnale, has been used to treat joint swelling for centuries. The anti-inflammatory action of colchicine and the higher prevalence of calcium pyrophosphate crystal deposition (CPPD) in osteoarthritis (OA) joints have led to the use of colchicine as a potential treatment for OA, however, the quality of the evidence on this regards is still limited. The current protocol aims to conduct a systematic review and meta-analysis proving the efficacy and safety of colchicine for the treatment of adult patients with OA. For that purpose, Scopus®, Web of Sciences®, Medline® and Cochrane Library® will be inspected for the available trials testing the efficacy and safety of colchicine for the treatment of any type of OA (e.g., hand, knee or hip). Cochrane tool will be used to assess the risk of bias of included trials. A meta-analysis of dichotomous (e.g., adverse events) or continuous data (e.g., mean difference in pain scale) will be performed depending on the data reporting. Review Manager 5 (RevMan) and RStudio Version 1.2.1335 will be used to conduct the statistical analysis.




The study aims to examine the knowledge and the practice of the precautionary measures taken by older adults in Hong Kong against the outbreak of severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS). Overall, more than half the participants responded correctly that droplet transmission is one of the main transmission routes of SARS. Those who received formal education demonstrated that they acquired greater knowledge of the sources and precautionary measures for SARS. The types of precautionary measures used and the factors affecting their behaviours were discussed. The results of the study could help the health-care professionals develop appropriate health promotion and disease prevention programmes for older adults. r





The evolving dynamics of coronavirus disease 2019 and the increasing infection numbers require diagnostic tools to identify patients at high risk for a severe disease course. Here we evaluate clinical and imaging parameters for estimating the need of intensive care unit (ICU) treatment.We collected clinical, laboratory and imaging data from 65 patients with confirmed COVID-19 infection based on PCR testing. Two radiologists evaluated the severity of findings in computed tomography (CT) images on a scale from 1 (no characteristic signs of COVID-19) to 5 (confluent ground glass opacities in over 50% of the lung parenchyma). The volume of affected lung was quantified using commercially available software. Machine learning modelling was performed to estimate the risk for ICU treatment.Patients with a severe course of COVID-19 had significantly increased IL-6, CRP and leukocyte counts and significantly decreased lymphocyte counts. The radiological severity grading was significantly increased in ICU patients. Multivariate random forest modelling showed a mean ± standard deviation sensitivity, specificity and accuracy of 0.72 ± 0.1, 0.86 ± 0.16 and 0.80 ± 0.1 and a ROC-AUC of 0.79 ± 0.1.The need for ICU treatment is independently associated with affected lung volume, radiological severity score, CRP and IL-6.




for useful comments and suggestions. All remaining errors are our own.We quantify the causal impact of human mobility restrictions, particularly the lockdown of the city of Wuhan on January 23, 2020, on the containment and delay of the spread of the Novel Coronavirus (2019-nCoV). We employ a set of differencein-differences (DID) estimations to disentangle the lockdown effect on human mobility reductions from other confounding effects including panic effect, virus effect, and the Spring Festival effect. We find that the lockdown of Wuhan reduced inflow into Wuhan by 76.64%, outflows from Wuhan by 56.35%, and within-Wuhan movements by 54.15%. We also estimate the dynamic effects of up to 22 lagged population inflows from Wuhan and other Hubei cities, the epicenter of the 2019-nCoV outbreak, on the destination cities' new infection cases. We find, using simulations with these estimates, that the lockdown of the city of Wuhan on January 23, 2020 contributed significantly to reducing the total infection cases outside of Wuhan, even with the social distancing measures later imposed by other cities. We find that the COVID-19 cases would be 64.81% higher in the 347 Chinese cities outside Hubei province, and 52.64% higher in the 16 non-Wuhan cities inside Hubei, in the counterfactual world in which the city of Wuhan were not locked down from January 23, 2020. We also find that there were substantial undocumented infection cases in the early days of the 2019-nCoV outbreak in Wuhan and other cities of Hubei province, but over time, the gap between the officially reported cases and our estimated ""actual"" cases narrows significantly. We also find evidence that enhanced social distancing policies in the 63 Chinese cities outside Hubei province are effective in reducing the impact of population inflows from the epicenter cities in Hubei province on the spread of 2019-nCoV virus in the destination cities elsewhere. 3 With a population of over 11 million, Wuhan is the largest city in Hubei, the most populous city in Central China, and the seventh most populous city in China. The city is also a major transportation hub, with dozens of railways, roads and expressways passing through and connecting to other major cities, and home to 82 colleges and more than 1 million college students.




Middle East Respiratory Syndrome coronavirus (MERS CoV) came to attention as an emerging pathogen causing severe respiratory illness in patients from the Middle East in September 2012. As of 14 June 2013, 58 human cases of MERS CoV infection have been confirmed, including 33 deaths (case fatality rate of 57%). MERS CoV is a betacoronavirus, in the same family as SARS-CoV, and shares a probable origin from bats. No animal reservoir or intermediates have been definitely implicated in transmission. Limited human-to-human transmission has occurred within several clusters, as individuals without a recent travel history have become infected after exposure to an ill returned traveler.





A commentary on ""Humoral immune response to SARS-CoV-2 in Iceland"".





Biomedical information mining is increasingly recognized as a promising technique to accelerate drug discovery and development. Especially, integrative approaches which mine data from several (open) data sources have become more attractive with the increasing possibilities to programmatically access data through Application Programming Interfaces (APIs). The use of open data in conjunction with free, platform-independent analytic tools provides the additional advantage of flexibility, re-usability, and transparency. Here, we present a strategy for performing ligandbased in silico drug repurposing with the analytics platform KNIME. We demonstrate the usefulness of the developed workflow on the basis of two different use cases: a rare disease (here: Glucose Transporter Type 1 (GLUT-1) deficiency), and a new disease (here: COVID 19). The workflow includes a targeted download of data through web services, data curation, detection of enriched structural patterns, as well as substructure searches in DrugBank and a recently deposited data set of antiviral drugs provided by Chemical Abstracts Service. Developed workflows, tutorials with detailed step-by-step instructions, and the information gained by the analysis of data for GLUT-1 deficiency syndrome and COVID-19 are made freely available to the scientific community. The provided framework can be reused by researchers for other in silico drug repurposing projects, and it should serve as a valuable teaching resource for conveying integrative data mining strategies.






This case report describes a patient with moderately severe tracheobronchomalacia following mycoplasma pneumonia. The patient was considered to have obstructive lung disease despite no prior smoking or lung disease and failure to respond to standard treatment. The possibility of tracheal pathology causing cough and sputum was not considered in 23yrs confirming this to be a ""forgotten zone"". The patient was treated with Roflumilast to reduce airway secretions with great success and the Immunology of Roflumilast is discussed.Cough Roflumilast Tracheobronchomalacia Immunology of roflumilast abbreviations COPD chronic obstructive airways disease FEV1 forced expiratory volume in 1 second PEFR peak expiratory flow rate TM Tracheomalacia TBM tracheobronchomalacia EDAC excessive dynamic airway collapse CT computerised tomography EGFR Epithelial growth factor receptor J o u r n a l P r e -p r o o f




Pooled testing is widely used for screening for viral or bacterial infections with low prevalence when individual testing is not cost-efficient. Pooled testing with qualitative assays that give binary results has been well-studied. However, characteristics of pooling with quantitative assays were mostly demonstrated using simulations or empirical studies. We investigate properties of three pooling strategies with quantitative assays: traditional two-stage mini-pooling (MP) (Dorfman, 1943) , mini-pooling with deconvolution algorithm (MPA) (May et al., 2010) , and marker-assisted MPA (mMPA) (Liu et al., 2017) . MPA and mMPA test individuals in a sequence after a positive pool and implement a deconvolution algorithm to determine when testing can cease to ascertain all individual statuses. mMPA uses information from other available markers to determine an optimal order for individual testings. We derive and compare the general statistical properties of the three pooling methods. We show that with a proper pool size, MP, MPA, and mMPA can be more cost-efficient than individual testing, and mMPA is superior to MPA and MP. For diagnostic accuracy, mMPA and MPA have higher specificity and positive predictive value but lower sensitivity and negative predictive value than MP and individual testing. Included in this paper are applications to various simulations and an application for HIV treatment monitoring.




An asymmetric version of the classical Kermack-McKendrick description of an epidemic evolution is presented in terms of four independent parameters. This is enough to obtain an accurate description of the different stages of the COVID-19 pandemia in any country for the reported daily and total number of casualties due to the infection. The asymmetry accounts for lockdown effects introduced to reduce the impact of the epidemic outburst. A set of new variables allows for an analytic study of the evolution of the system before and after the lockdown measures are put in place. A continuous matching is possible for all variables in the system apart from the time dependence of the infection rate. An analytic expression is obtained for this discontinuity which is proposed as a good quantity to gauge the efficiency of the lockdown measures. A study of this variable for different countries is performed.




Our results demonstrated ABO histo-blood phenotypes are correlated with patients' susceptibility to the infection. A higher rate of infection was observed among patients with the AB histo-blood group, while patients with the O histo-blood group have shown a lower rate of infection. The Rh blood group phenotype was not statistically significant in determining a patient's vulnerability.Conclusion: Similar to several previous studies about other viral diseases' association with ABO histo-blood groups, we have concluded that an individual's ABO histo-blood group phenotype and his/her susceptibility to COVID-19 are indeed connected. So far, only one research has been conducted about this association. Interestingly, while we observed a decreased vulnerability to the disease among patients with an O histo-blood group, we have reached discordant results regarding the increased susceptibility among individuals with an AB histo-blood group, unlike A histo-blood group in the previous study.




There is an urgent need to develop efficacious vaccines against SARS-CoV-2 that also address the issues of deployment, equitable access, and vaccine acceptance. Ideally, the vaccine would prevent virus infection and transmission as well as preventing COVID-19 disease. We previously developed an oral adenovirus-based vaccine technology that induces both mucosal and systemic immunity in humans. Here we investigate the immunogenicity of a range of candidate adenovirusbased vaccines, expressing full or partial sequences of the spike and nucleocapsid proteins, in mice. We demonstrate that, compared to expression of the S1 domain or a stabilized spike antigen, the full length, wild-type spike antigen induces significantly higher neutralizing antibodies in the periphery and in the lungs, when the vaccine is administered mucosally. Antigen-specific CD4+ and CD8+ T cells were induced by this leading vaccine candidate at low and high doses. This fulllength spike antigen plus nucleocapsid adenovirus construct has been prioritized for further clinical development.




The ever-increasing speed and scope of human mobility by international air travel has led to a global transport network for infectious diseases with the potential to introduce pathogens into non-endemic areas, and to facilitate rapid spread of novel or mutated zoonotic agents. Robust national emergency preparedness is vital to mitigate the transmission of infectious diseases agents domestically and to prevent onward spread to other countries. Given the complex range of stakeholders who respond to an infectious disease threat being transmitted through air travel, it is important that protocols be tested and practised extensively in advance of a real emergency. Simulation exercises include the identification of possible scenarios based on the probability of hazards and the vulnerability of populations as a basis for planning, and provide a useful measure of preparedness efforts and capabilities. In October 2016, a live simulation exercise was conducted at a major airport in Ireland incorporating a public health threat for the first time, with the notification of a possible case of MERS-CoV aboard an aircraft plus an undercarriage fire. Strengths of the response to the communicable disease threat included appropriate public health risk assessment, case management, passenger information gathering, notification to relevant parties, and communication to passengers and multiple agencies. Lessons learned include: o Exercise planning should not be overly ambitious. In testing too many facets of emergency response, the public health response could be deprioritised. o The practical implementation of communication protocols in a real-time exercise of this scope proved challenging. These protocols should continue to be checked and tested by desk-top exercises to ensure that all staff concerned are familiar with them, especially in the context of staff turn-over. o The roles and responsibilities of the various agencies must be clear to avoid role confusion. o Equipment and infrastructure capacities must be considered and in place in advance of an actual incident or test, for example whether or not cell phone signals require boosting during a major event. Importantly, exercises bring together individuals representing organisations with different roles and perspectives allowing identification of capabilities and limitations, and problem solving about how to address the gaps and overlaps in a low-threat collaborative setting.




Background: There are substantial differences between the costs of medical masks and N95 respirators. Costeffectiveness analysis is required to assist decision-makers evaluating alternative healthcare worker (HCW) mask/ respirator strategies. This study aims to compare the cost-effectiveness of N95 respirators and medical masks for protecting HCWs in Beijing, China. Methods: We developed a cost-effectiveness analysis model utilising efficacy and resource use data from two cluster randomised clinical trials assessing various mask/respirator strategies conducted in HCWs in Level 2 and 3 Beijing hospitals for the 2008-09 and 2009-10 influenza seasons. The main outcome measure was the incremental cost-effectiveness ratio (ICER) per clinical respiratory illness (CRI) case prevented. We used a societal perspective which included intervention costs, the healthcare costs of CRI in HCWs and absenteeism costs.The incremental cost to prevent a CRI case with continuous use of N95 respirators when compared to medical masks ranged from US $490-$1230 (approx. 3000-7600 RMB). One-way sensitivity analysis indicated that the CRI attack rate and intervention effectiveness had the greatest impact on cost-effectiveness.The determination of cost-effectiveness for mask/respirator strategies will depend on the willingness to pay to prevent a CRI case in a HCW, which will vary between countries. In the case of a highly pathogenic pandemic, respirator use in HCWs would likely be a cost-effective intervention.




Introduction High alcohol consumption has been associated with decreased fibrinolysis and enhanced thrombosis risk in cardiovascular disease. In trauma, alcohol has been associated with poor clot formation; however, its effect on fibrinolysis has not been fully investigated. We assessed the association of blood alcohol levels and fibrinolysis in trauma activation patients. Methods We queried our prospective registry of trauma activations from 2014 to 2016. Associations between viscoelastic measurements [rapid thrombelastography (rTEG)] and blood alcohol level (BAL) were determined and adjusted for confounders by a multinomial logistic regression. Lysis phenotypes were defined by the % lysis in 30 min (LY30) as follows: hyperfibrinolysis ≥ 3%, physiologic 0.9-2.9%, and fibrinolysis shutdown < 0.9%. Results Overall, 191 (43.8%) had BAL measured. There were 65 (34%) patients that had no detectable BAL, 32 (16.8%) had BAL of 10-150 mg/dL, and 94 (49.2%) patients had BAL > 150 mg/dL. BAL had a moderate, but significant inverse correlation with LY30 (Rho = − 0.315, p < 0.001), while there were no significant correlations between BAL and other TEG values. The distribution of fibrinolysis phenotypes varied significantly by BAL levels (p < 0.009, with high BAL having more shutdown and less hyperfibrinolysis than the other two BAL level groups. Multinomial logistic regression showed that after adjustment for confounders, BAL levels > 150 mg/dL were independently associated with a threefold increase in the odds of shutdown compared to undetectable BAL (OR 3.37, 95% CI 1.04-8.05, p = 0.006). High BAL was also significantly associated with higher odds of shutdown compared to low BAL (OR 2.63, 95% CI 1.15-6.06). Compared to physiologic fibrinolysis, fibrinolysis shutdown was associated with increased mortality (OR 2.87, 95% CI 1.41-5.83) and VFD < 28 (OR 2.54,. Conclusion In the injured patient, high blood alcohol levels are associated with increased incidence of fibrinolysis shutdown. This finding has implications for postinjury hemostatic resuscitation as these patients may be harmed by anti-fibrinolytics. Further research is needed to assess whether the association with fibrinolysis is modified by the chronicity and type of alcohol consumed and whether anti-fibrinolytic therapy in intoxicated patients produces adverse effects.





Human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) infection remains a severe public health problem worldwide. In this study, we investigated the distribution of HIV-1 subtypes and the prevalence of drug resistance mutations (DRMs) among patients with HIV-1 infection in Henan Province, China. HIV-1 strains in blood samples taken from inpatients and outpatients visiting the Sixth People's Hospital of Zhengzhou from August 2017 to July 2019 with a viral load (VL) greater than 1000 copies/ ml were subjected to subtype and DRMs analysis. Out of a total of 769 samples, subtype and DRM data were obtained from 657 (85.43%) samples. Phylogenetic analysis based on partial pol gene sequences indicated that the most commonly found genotype was subtype B (45.51%, 299/657), followed by CRF01_AE (28.61%, 188/657), CRF07_BC (15.68%, 103/657), CRF08_BC (0.76%, 5/657), C (0.61%, 4/657), A (0.30%, 2/657), and others (8.52%, 56/657). Circulating recombinant forms (CRFs) were most commonly found in patients who were naïve to antiretroviral treatment (ART) (68.67%, 160/233). The percentage of patients with one or more major drug-resistance mutations was 50.99% (335/657), and it was 6.44% (15/233) in ART-naive patients that were primarily infected with subtype B (17.74%). Resistance mutations were most common at codons 65, 103, 106, 184, and 190 of the reverse transcriptase gene and codon 46 of the protease gene. Our study provides detailed information about the distribution of HIV-1 subtypes and the incidence of drug resistance mutations of different subtypes in ART-experienced and naïve patients. This can guide policymakers in making decisions about treatment strategies against HIV-1.Publisher's Note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.




Background. Seasonal influenza epidemics occur frequently. Rapid characterization of seasonal dynamics and forecasting of epidemic peaks and final sizes could help support real-time decision-making related to vaccination and other control measures. Real-time forecasting remains challenging.Methods. We used the previously described ""incidence decay with exponential adjustment"" (IDEA) model, a 2-parameter phenomenological model, to evaluate the characteristics of the 2015-2016 influenza season in 4 Canadian jurisdictions: the Provinces of Alberta, Nova Scotia and Ontario, and the City of Ottawa. Model fits were updated weekly with receipt of incident virologically confirmed case counts. Best-fit models were used to project seasonal influenza peaks and epidemic final sizes.Results. The 2015-2016 influenza season was mild and late-peaking. Parameter estimates generated through fitting were consistent in the 2 largest jurisdictions (Ontario and Alberta) and with pooled data including Nova Scotia counts (R 0 approximately 1.4 for all fits). Lower R 0 estimates were generated in Nova Scotia and Ottawa. Final size projections that made use of complete time series were accurate to within 6% of true final sizes, but final size was using pre-peak data. Projections of epidemic peaks stabilized before the true epidemic peak, but these were persistently early (~2 weeks) relative to the true peak.Conclusions. A simple, 2-parameter influenza model provided reasonably accurate real-time projections of influenza seasonal dynamics in an atypically late, mild influenza season. Challenges are similar to those seen with more complex forecasting methodologies. Future work includes identification of seasonal characteristics associated with variability in model performance.




The genetic code contains information that impacts the efficiency and rate of translation. Translation elongation plays a crucial role in determining the composition of the proteome, errors within a protein contributes towards disease processes. It is important to analyze the novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) at the codon level to find similarities and variations in hosts to compare with other human coronavirus (CoVs). This requires a comparative and comprehensive study of various human and zoonotic nature CoVs relating to codon usage bias, relative synonymous codon usage (RSCU), proportions of slow codons, and slow di-codons, the effective number of codons (ENC), mutation bias, codon adaptation index (CAI), and codon frequencies. In this work, seven different CoVs were analyzed to determine the protein synthesis rate and the adaptation of these viruses to the host cell. The result reveals that the proportions of slow codons and slow di-codons in human host of 2019-nCoV and SARS-CoV found to be similar and very less compared to the other five coronavirus types, which suggest that the 2019-nCoV and SARS-CoV have faster protein synthesis rate. Zoonotic CoVs have high RSCU and codon adaptation index than human CoVs which implies the high translation rate in zoonotic viruses. All CoVs have more AT% than GC% in genetic codon compositions. The average ENC values of seven CoVs ranged between 38.36 to 49.55, which implies the CoVs are highly conserved and are easily adapted to host cells. The mutation rate of 2019-nCoV is comparatively less than MERS-CoV and NL63 that shows an evidence for genetic diversity. Host-specific codon composition analysis portrays the relation between viral host sequences and the capability of novel virus replication in host cells. Moreover, the analysis provides useful measures for evaluating a virus-host adaptation, transmission potential of novel viruses, and thus contributes to the strategies of anti-viral drug design.




The emergence of a novel human coronavirus, SARS-CoV-2, causing severe respiratory tract infections in humans, is affecting all countries of the world and has become a global health concern. Since the virus was first identified in December 2019, the number of deaths have been propagating exponentially, causing countries across the world, including Malaysia, to increase emergency measures to combat the virus. Due to the fact that the COVID-19 pandemic does not discriminate its victims, it is of paramount importance to construct a plan for management of the dead for all suspected or confirmed COVID-19 cases, including the unidentified deceased, as an essential portion of the humanitarian forensic action approach. This document provides an overview on ways to maximize the local collective capacity from various government agencies to manage the dead based on the prevailing regulations and legislation in the country, in preparation for possible large scale deaths from this pandemic. The National Institute of Forensic Medicine Malaysia has improvised procedures and guidelines for management of the dead within the existing regulations in order to achieve a balance between medicolegal requirements and the safety of personnel managing the bodies of the deceased with suspected or confirmed COVID-19 infection; at the site of death, during transport, during postmortem procedures, storage and preparation before and during burial or cremation as well as environmental cleaning and disinfection, involving various agencies in the country. A form of temporary controlled burial is as an option to allow the reinvestigation of a decedent to help formally identify victims of the pandemic such as undocumented migrants or refugees who were previously not identified. Due to the different legal requirements and mortality rates between countries, there is no one-size-fits-all approach to the management of the dead. Whenever possible, every opportunity and assistance must be given to families to mourn their loved ones, even in times of crisis or an outbreak, in order to sustain an appropriate level of dignity and respect.




The intrasplenic injection of human peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) into severely immune deficient NOD/SCID mice, causes a massive and transient dominant expansion of human B cells in the spleen. This permits the easy isolation of human monoclonal antibodies specific for different antigens by a Kohler and Milstein-based method. Here we studied the human HIV-specific antibody response in the circulation of mice after intrasplenic transfer of PBMC from untreated HIV-infected patients with detectable to high viral load as well as from HAART-treated and from untreated patients, who kept an undetectable viral load (the latter referred to as ""natural suppressors""). Excellent B cell expansion was obtained for all PBMC. High level replication of virus was observed after transfer of PBMC of untreated viremic patients only. A strong and multispecific HIV-specific antibody response was observed after transfer of PBMC of untreated viremic patients and natural suppressors. In contrast, only a weak and pauci-specific antibody response was detected in mice reconstituted with PBMC from successfully treated patients. Based on these observations we conclude that the use of the intraspleen mouse model confirmed a) the presence of HIV-specific circulating memory B cells in untreated patients and natural suppressors; b) the nearly complete absence of circulating memory B cells in patients receiving highly active antiretroviral therapy. Using the intraspleen model we generated large numbers of immortalized B cells and isolated two anti-p24 human monoclonal antibodies. We further conclude that the intraspleen huPBL NOD/SCID model is a small animal model useful for the analysis of the antibody response against HIV found in patients.Abbreviations: HAART, highly active antiretroviral therapy; HCV, hepatitis C virus; HIV, human immunodeficiency virus; huPBL, human peripheral blood lymphocyte; NOD/SCID, non-obese diabetic/severely combined immunodeficiency; PBMC, peripharal blood mononuclear cell.⁎ Corresponding author.






Educational technologies may help support out-of-school learning in contexts where formal schooling fails to reach every child, but children may not persist in using such systems to learn at home. Prior research has developed methods for predicting learner dropout but primarily for adults in formal courses and Massive Open Online Courses (MOOCs), not for children's voluntary ed tech usage. To support early literacy in rural contexts, our research group developed and deployed a phone-based literacy technology with rural families in Côte d'Ivoire in two longitudinal studies. In this paper, we investigate the feasibility of using time-series classification models trained on system log data to predict gaps in children's voluntary usage of our system in both studies. We contribute insights around important features associated with sustained system usage, such as children's patterns of use, performance on the platform, and involvement from other adults in their family. Finally, we contribute design implications for predicting and supporting learners' voluntary, out-of-school usage of mobile learning applications in rural contexts.




We investigated the use of bacterial cells isolated from paddy crab for the extraction of oil from Jatropha seed kernels in aqueous media while simultaneously preserving the protein structures of this protein-rich endosperm. A bacterial strain-which was marked as MB4 and identified by means of 16S rDNA sequencing and physiological characterization as either Bacillus pumilus or Bacillus altitudinis-enhanced the extraction yield of Jatropha oil. The incubation of an MB4 starter culture with preheated kernel slurry in aqueous media with the initial pH of 5.5 at 37°C for 6 h liberated 73% w/w of the Jatropha oil. Since MB4 produces xylanases, it is suggested that strain MB4 facilitates oil liberation via degradation of hemicelluloses which form the oil-containing cell wall structure of the kernel. After MB4 assisted oil extraction, SDS-PAGE analysis showed that the majority of Jatropha proteins were preserved in the solid phase of the extraction residues. The advantages offered by this process are: protein in the residue can be further processed for other applications, no purified enzyme preparation is needed, and the resulting oil can be used for biodiesel production.





We discuss a patient who presented with fever, chills and rigors, myalgia, sore throat, diarrhea, and abdominal pain. The total white blood cell count was normal. The lymphocyte and platelet counts were within normal limits. There was no contact with confirmed COVID-19 patient, but the disease was circulating at the time of presentation. He admitted to anosmia and hypogeusia.A nasopharyngeal swab r-RT PCR test was positive for the SARS-CoV-2 virus. His chest examination and chest x-ray were normal. The patient had contact with animals and consumed unpasteurized camel milk. Both the blood culture and brucella serology tests were positive.This case illustrates that co-infection can occur and it is important to rule out endemic diseases in patients with COVID-19. Similarly, patients presenting with febrile endemic diseases may be harboring mild SARS-COV-2 virus infections and may need to be screened when the disease is suggested by epidemiological exposure.J o u r n a l P r e -p r o o fWe discuss a patient who presented with fever, chills and rigors, myalgia, sore throat, diarrhea, and abdominal pain. The total white blood cell count was normal. The lymphocyte and platelet counts were within normal limits. There was no contact with confirmed COVID-19 patient, but the disease was circulating at the time of presentation. He admitted to anosmia and hypogeusia.A nasopharyngeal swab r-RT PCR test was positive for the SARS-CoV-2 virus. His chest examination and chest x-ray were normal. The patient had contact with animals and consumed unpasteurized camel milk. Both the blood culture and brucella serology tests were positive.This case illustrates that co-infection can occur and it is important to rule out endemic diseases in patients with COVID-19. Similarly, patients presenting with febrile endemic diseases may be harboring mild SARS-COV-2 virus infections and may need to be screened when the disease is suggested by epidemiological exposure.J o u r n a l P r e -p r o o f






The novel coronavirus has enforced dramatic changes to daily living including economic and health impacts. Evidence for the impact of these changes on our physical and mental health and health behaviors is limited. We examined the associations between psychological distress and changes in selected health behaviors since the onset of COVID-19 in Australia. An online survey was distributed in April 2020 and included measures of depression, anxiety, stress, physical activity, sleep, alcohol intake and cigarette smoking. The survey was completed by 1491 adults (mean age 50.5 ± 14.9 years, 67% female). Negative change was reported for physical activity (48.9%), sleep (40.7%), alcohol (26.6%) and smoking (6.9%) since the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic. Significantly higher scores in one or more psychological distress states were found for females, and those not in a relationship, in the lowest income category, aged 18-45 years, or with a chronic illness. Negative changes in physical activity, sleep, smoking and alcohol intake were associated with higher depression, anxiety and stress symptoms. Health-promotion strategies directed at adopting or maintaining positive health-related behaviors should be utilized to address increases in psychological distress during the pandemic. Ongoing evaluation of the impact of lifestyle changes associated with the pandemic is needed.






Background: While several trials are ongoing for treatment of COVID-19, scientific research on chemoprophylaxis is still lacking even though it has potential to delay the pandemic allowing us time to complete research on vaccines. Methods: We have conducted a cohort study amongst Health Care Workers (HCW) exposed to COVID-19 patients, at a tertiary care center in India where there was an abrupt cluster outbreak within on duty personnel. HCWs who had voluntarily taken hydroxychloroquine (HCQ) prior to exposure were considered one cohort while those who had not were considered to be another. All participants with a verifiable contact history were tested for COVID-19 by rtPCR. The two cohorts were comparable in terms of age, gender, comorbidities and exposure. The primary outcome was incidence rates of rtPCR positive COVID-19 infection amongst HCQ users and nonusers. Results: 106 healthcare workers were examined in this cohort study of whom 54 were HCQ users and rest were not. The comparative analysis of incidence of infection between the two groups demonstrated that voluntary HCQ usage was associated with lesser likelihood of developing SARS-CoV-2 infection, compared to those who were not on it, X2=14.59, p<0.001. None of the HCQ users noted any serious adverse effects. Conclusions: This study demonstrated that voluntary HCQ consumption as pre-exposure prophylaxis by HCWs is associated with a statistically significant reduction in risk of SARS-CoV-2. These promising findings therefore highlight the need to examine this association in greater detail among a larger sample using Randomised Controlled Trials (RCT).




We describe a new approach for infectious disease surveillance that facilitates rapid identification of known and emerging pathogens. The process uses broad-range polymerase chain reaction (PCR) to amplify nucleic acid targets from large groupings of organisms, electrospray ionization mass spectrometry for accurate mass measurements of PCR products, and base composition signature analysis to identify organisms in a sample. We demonstrate this principle by using 14 isolates of 9 diverse Coronavirus spp., including the severe acute respiratory syndrome-associated coronavirus (SARS-CoV). We show that this method could identify and distinguish between SARS and other known CoV, including the human CoV 229E and OC43, individually and in a mixture of all 3 human viruses. The sensitivity of detection, measured by using titered SARS-CoV spiked into human serum, was ≈1 PFU/mL. This approach, applicable to the surveillance of bacterial, viral, fungal, or protozoal pathogens, is capable of automated analysis of >900 PCR reactions per day.





Posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) is associated with coronavirus disease 2019 risk factors, such as hypertension and obesity. Associations between PTSD and COVID-19 outcomes may affect Veterans Health Administration (VA) services, as PTSD occurs at higher rates among veterans than the general population. While previous research has identified the potential for increased PTSD prevalence resulting from COVID-19 as a public health concern, no known research examines the effect of pre-existing PTSD on COVID-19 testseeking behavior or infection. This study aimed to evaluate pre-existing PTSD as a predictor of COVID-19 testing and test positivity. The sample consisted of 6,721,407 veterans who sought VA care between March 1, 2018 and February 29, 2020. Veterans with a previous PTSD clinical diagnosis were more likely to receive COVID-19 testing than veterans without PTSD. However, among those with available COVID-19 test results (n=168,032), veterans with a previous PTSD clinical diagnosis were less likely to test positive than veterans without PTSD. Elevated COVID-19 testing rates among veterans with PTSD may reflect increased COVID-19 health concerns and/or hypervigilance. Lower rates of COVID-19 test positivity among veterans with PTSD may reflect increased social isolation, or overrepresentation in the tested population due to higher overall use of VA services. As the COVID-19 pandemic continues, the identification of patientlevel psychiatric predictors of testing and test positivity can facilitate the targeted provision of medical and mental health services to individuals in need.




The spatial and spatio-temporal scan statistics proposed by Kulldorff have been applied to a number of geographical disease cluster detection problems. As the shape of the scanning window used in these methods is circular or elliptic, they cannot find irregularly shaped clusters, say clusters occurring along river valleys or in cases where disease transmission is linked to the road network. In this study, we propose a more flexible geometric structure to be used as a spatial or spatio-temporal scanning window. A particle swarm optimization (PSO) is used to optimize the scanning window to determine disease clusters. We evaluated the proposed method over a number of spatial and spatio-temporal datasets (Breast cancer mortality in Northeastern US 1988-1992 and different types of cancer in New Mexico 1982 -2007 . Experimental results demonstrate that the introduced approach surpasses the results produced by the circular and elliptic scan statistics in terms of efficiency, especially when dealing with irregularly shaped clusters.




In 2003, severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) came to be recognized as a newly emergent form of disease that is highly contagious. The aim of this study was to describe the perceptions of nurses with SARS in Hong Kong, as the perceptions of nurses who have suffered from SARS have not been studied. Ten nurses who had suffered from SARS were interviewed, either face-to-face or by telephone, about their subjective experiences. These interviews provided in-depth, descriptive data, which were analysed using content analysis. Nine broad categories were identified: uncertainty, information control, feelings of anger and guilt, lack of preparation and fear of death, feelings of isolation and loneliness, physical effects, support, change of perspective of life, and change of perspective of nursing. Although the dreaded disease affected the nurses tremendously, both physically and psychologically, it has also had its positive side. As a result of experiencing the illness, the participants came to treasure relationships, health and everyday life more. In caring for patients, they came to see the world more from the perspective of the patients. They found that they need to take the time to reassure patients and families and to seriously listen to all of their concerns.




Infectious bronchitis virus (IBV) infection and associated illness may be dramatically modified by passive transfer of immune T lymphocytes. Lymphocytes collected 10 days postinfection were transferred to naive chicks before challenge with virus. As determined by respiratory illness and viral load, transfer of syngeneic immune T lymphocytes protected chicks from challenge infection, whereas no protection was observed in the chicks receiving the MHC compatible lymphocytes from uninfected chicks. Protection following administration of T lymphocytes could be observed in chicks with three distinct MHC haplotypes: B 8 /B 8 , B 12 /B 12 , and B 19 /B 19 . Nearly complete elimination of viral infection and illness was observed in chicks receiving cells enriched in ␣␤ lymphocytes. In contrast, removal of ␥␦ T lymphocytes had only a small effect on their potential to protect chicks. The adoptive transfer of enriched CD8 ϩ or CD4 ϩ T lymphocytes indicated that protection was also a function primarily of CD8-bearing cells. These results indicated that ␣␤ T lymphocytes bearing CD8 ϩ antigens are critical in protecting chicks from IBV infection.




Background: Hydroxychloroquine (HCQ) is the standard of care in the treatment of systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE), rheumatoid arthritis (RA), and other inflammatory rheumatic diseases and potentially for the treatment in COVID-19 patients. Determination of HCQ for therapeutic drug monitoring (TDM) can be performed in whole blood (WB), serum, and plasma. Direct comparisons of WB, serum, and plasma levels of HCQ in patients with SLE have not previously been reported. We describe a method for the determination of HCQ in human blood using liquid chromatography-highresolution mass spectrometry (LC-HRMS) and compare the suitability of the three sample matrices. Methods: A method for the determination of HCQ in human blood using LC-HRMS was developed, validated, and applied for the determination of HCQ levels in WB, serum, and plasma from 26 SLE patients. The reproducibility of the method, in the three matrices, was evaluated using quality control samples and repeated preparations and measurements of patient samples. The performance of the developed method for HCQ measurement in serum was further evaluated by comparison with two previously reported extraction methods. Results: The performance of the presented method demonstrated high accuracy and precision. A large range of HCQ concentrations was observed for the SLE patients in all three matrices (WB, serum, and plasma). The mean levels in WB were approximately two-fold the levels in serum and plasma (813 ng/mL compared to 436 ng/mL and 362 ng/mL, respectively). Spiked quality controls showed high reproducibility for all matrices (coefficient of variation, CV, approx. 5%), whereas in patient samples, equally high-precision was only found using WB as the matrix (CV 3%). The CV for serum and plasma was 14% and 39%, respectively. Two alternative methods applied to serum samples did not demonstrate improved precision. Conclusions: A LC-HRMS method for the measurement of HCQ in human blood was developed and validated. Whole blood was found to be the superior sample matrix in terms of sample reproducibility. Thus, whole blood samples should be used for HCQ analysis when patients are monitored for HCQ treatment effects. The assay is in clinical use to monitor levels of HCQ in patients.





Formal concept analysis has been largely applied to explore taxonomic relationships and derive ontologies from text collections. Despite its recognized relevance, it generally misses relevant concept associations and suffers from the need to learn from Boolean space models. Biclustering, the discovery of coherent concept associations (subsets of documents correlated on subsets of terms and topics), is here suggested to address the aforementioned problems. This work proposes a structured view on why, when and how to apply biclustering for concept analysis, a subject remaining largely unexplored up to date. Gathered results from a large text collection confirm the relevance of biclustering to find lesstrivial, yet actionable and statistically significant concept associations.





Lactose dehydrogenase≥250U/liter-No/total (%) 411/884(46.3) 32/35(91.4) <0.001 Aspartate aminotransferase>40U/liter-No/total (%) 245/985(24.9) 24/35(68.6)




Background: Hyperglycaemia has emerged as an important risk factor for death in coronavirus disease 2019 . The aim of this study was to evaluate the association between blood glucose (BG) levels and in-hospital mortality in non-critically patients hospitalized with COVID-19. Methods: This is a retrospective multi-centre study involving patients hospitalized in Spain. Patients were categorized into three groups according to admission BG levels: <140 mg/dL, 140-180 mg/dL and >180 mg/dL. The primary endpoint was all-cause in-hospital mortality. Results: Of the 11,312 patients, only 2128 (18.9%) had diabetes and 2289 (20.4%) died during hospitalization. The in-hospital mortality rates were 15.7% (<140 mg/dL), 33.7% (140-180 mg) and 41.1% (>180 mg/dL), p<.001. The cumulative probability of mortality was significantly higher in patients with hyperglycaemia compared to patients with normoglycaemia (log rank, p<.001), independently of pre-existing diabetes. Hyperglycaemia (after adjusting for age, diabetes, hypertension and other confounding factors) was an independent risk factor of mortality (BG >180 mg/dL: HR 1.50; 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.31-1.73) (BG 140-180 mg/dL; HR 1.48; 95%CI: 1.29-1.70). Hyperglycaemia was also associated with requirement for mechanical ventilation, intensive care unit (ICU) admission and mortality. Conclusions: Admission hyperglycaemia is a strong predictor of all-cause mortality in non-critically hospitalized COVID-19 patients regardless of prior history of diabetes.Admission hyperglycaemia is a stronger and independent risk factor for mortality in COVID-19.




In this essay, I share my experiences and reflection on fighting the COVID-19 pandemic from the perspective of a Chinese student residing in Pittsburgh, USA. Three examples of ""commoning""-acts of managing shared resources by a group of people-reveal the importance of care and collaboration in the time of uncertainty. First, when COVID-19 posed a threat to the food supply chain, community gardens and home gardening ensured food security and enhanced mutual support. Second, the emergence of online activities of teaching, learning, and collaborating presented an opportunity of having more collective, equitable, and diverse formats of virtual communities. Lastly, volunteering in the distribution of ""Healthy Packs,"" I witnessed the nurture of a sense of belonging and a connection with home in the student community. These examples suggest that facing the crisis, care-driven commoning activities at the individual, everyday level lay the foundation for large-scale collaborative systems.




Isolierungsmaßnahmen hatten in der Medizin seit jeher zum Ziel, eine Weiterverbreitung von Krankheiten zu verhindern. Je weniger man von Ursache und Verbreitungsweg einer Erkrankung wusste, desto rigoroser waren die ergriff enen Absonderungsmaßnahmen (»Aussätzige«). Erst die Entdeckung der Mikroorganismen als Auslöser infektiöser Erkrankungen eröff nete die Möglichkeit einer genaueren Erforschung auch der Übertragungswege.Die Kenntnis des infektionsspezifi schen Übertragungsweges einer Erkrankung ist aber die entscheidende Voraussetzung zur Festlegung sinnvoller, d. h. eff ektiver Isolierungsrichtlinien. Die in der Vergangenheit empfohlenen pauschalen Maßnahmen, die diesen Sachverhalt nicht berücksichtigten, resultierten oftmals in erkennbarer Überisolierung, mit der Folge, dass in der täglichen Praxis auch notwendige Isolierungsmaßnahmen eher lax gehandhabt wurden. Die Konsequenzen waren die Zunahme nosokomialer Infektionen und die endemische Ausbreitung multiresistenter Bakterien in Kliniken.-162 13.2 Organisationsvoraussetzungen -163 13.2.1 Personal -163 13.2.2 Dokumentation -164 13.3 Standardhygienemaßnahmen -164 13.4 Zusatzmaßnahmen -164 13.4.1 Durch direkten Kontakt übertragene Infektionen -164 13.4.2 Durch Tröpfchen übertragene Infektionen -165 13.4.3 Durch Luft übertragene Infektionen -165 13.5 Erkrankungs-bzw. erregerspezifische Isolierungsanforderungen -166 13.5.1 Multiresistente Bakterien -166 13.5.2 Tuberkulose -172 13.5.3 Weitere epidemiologisch bedeutsame Mikroorganismen -172 Literatur -173 13 163 haushygiene und Infektionsprävention« des Robert Koch-Instituts Evidenzkategorien für ihre Empfehlungen zur Infektionsvermeidung an (RKI 2003).Kategorie I: Nachdrückliche Empfehlung IA: Die Empfehlungen basieren auf gut konzipierten experimentellen oder epidemiologischen Studien. IB: Die Empfehlungen werden von Experten aufgrund eines Konsensus-Beschlusses der Kommission für Krankenhaushygiene und Infektionsprävention am Robert Koch-Institut als effektiv angesehen und basieren auf gut begründeten Hinweisen für deren Wirksamkeit. Eine Einteilung der entsprechenden Empfehlung in die Kategorie IB kann auch dann erfolgen, wenn wissenschaftliche Studien möglicherweise hierzu noch nicht durchgeführt wurden. Kategorie II: Eingeschränkte Empfehlung Die Empfehlungen basieren teils auf hinweisenden klinischen oder epidemiologischen Studien, teils auf nachvollziehbaren theoretischen Begründungen oder Studien, die in einigen, aber nicht allen Krankenhäusern/Situationen umgesetzt werden sollen. Kategorie III: Keine Empfehlung, ungelöste Frage Maßnahmen, über deren Wirksamkeit nur unzureichende Hinweise vorliegen oder bislang kein Konsens besteht. Kategorie IV: Rechtliche Vorgaben Anforderungen, Maßnahmen und Verfahrensweisen in Krankenhäusern und anderen medizinischen Einrichtungen, die aufgrund gesetzlicher Bestimmungen, durch autonomes Recht oder Verwaltungsvorschriften zu beachten sind.





To combat the pandemic of the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19), numerous governments have established phone hotlines to prescreen potential cases. These hotlines have struggled with the volume of callers, leading to wait times of hours or, even, an inability to contact health authorities. Symptoma is a symptom-to-disease digital health assistant that can differentiate more than 20,000 diseases with an accuracy of more than 90%. We tested the accuracy of Symptoma to identify COVID-19 using a set of diverse clinical cases combined with case reports of COVID-19. We showed that Symptoma can accurately distinguish COVID-19 in 96.32% of clinical cases. When considering only COVID-19 symptoms and risk factors, Symptoma identified 100% of those infected when presented with only three signs. Lastly, we showed that Symptoma's accuracy far exceeds that of simple ""yesno"" questionnaires widely available online. In summary, Symptoma provides unparalleled accuracy in systematically identifying cases of COVID-19 while also considering over 20,000 other diseases. Furthermore, Symptoma allows free text input, furthered with disease-specific follow up questions, in 36 languages. Combined, these results and accessibility give Symptoma the potential to be a key tool in the global fight against COVID-19. The Symptoma predictor is freely available online at https :// www.sympt oma.com.




Mathematical modeling is a process aimed at finding a mathematical description of a system and translating it into a relational expression. When a system is continuously changing over time (e.g., infectious diseases) differential equations, which may include parameters, are used for modeling the system. The process of finding those parameters that best fit the given data from the system is called an inverse problem. This study aims at analyzing the novel coronavirus infection (COVID-19) spread in South Korea using the susceptible-infectedrecovered (SIR) model. We collect the data from Korea Centers for Disease Control & Prevention (KCDC). We assume that each parameter in the SIR model is a function of time so that we can compute important parameters, such as the basic reproduction number (R0), more delicately. Using neural networks, we propose a method to find the best time-varying parameters and the solution for the model simultaneously. Moreover, using time-dependent parameters, we find that traditional numerical algorithms, such as the Runge-Kutta methods, can successfully approximate the SIR model while fitting the COVID-19 data, thus modeling the propagation patterns of COVID-19 more precisely.




Pneumothorax as a complication of chronic necrotizing pulmonary aspergillosis. -A 65-year-old man with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease who had frequently been treated with prednisone for recurrent exacerbations was admitted to hospital with a pneumothorax. This proved to be a complication of a chronic necrotizing pulmonary aspergillosis. Despite maximal therapy the patient died 15 months after diagnosis from total respiratory insufficiency, the end stage of the bullous emphysema. Ned Tijdschr Geneeskd 2005;149:598-600




Since emerging in 2012, Middle East Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus (MERS-CoV) has been a global public health threat with a high fatality rate and worldwide distribution. There are no approved vaccines or therapies for MERS until now. Passive immunotherapy with neutralizing monoclonal antibodies (mAbs) is an effective prophylactic and therapeutic reagent against emerging viruses. In this article, we review current advances in neutralizing mAbs against MERS-CoV. The receptor-binding domain (RBD) in the spike protein of MERS-CoV is a major target, and mouse, camel, or human-derived neutralizing mAbs targeting RBD have been developed. A major problem with neutralizing mAb therapy is mutant escape under selective pressure, which can be solved by combination of neutralizing mAbs targeting different epitopes. Neutralizing mAbs are currently under preclinical evaluation, and they are promising candidate therapeutic agents against MERS-CoV infection.





COVID-19 not only constitutes a serious public health problem and a global major threat to the poorest and most vulnerable social groups and neighborhoods of the world, creating a potential pandemic of inequality, but also poses an enormous challenge from the perspective of public health, ethics, economy, environment, and politics. However, many of the deep and complex systemic interrelationships created and developed by this pandemic are largely hidden, unknown, or neglected, both by the hegemonic media and by a highly specialized and fragmented academic world. However, when all the available knowledge is critically integrated, the origins and effects underlying this pandemic are likely to be found in the development of neoliberal capitalism and its inherent logic of ceaseless accumulation, economic growth, large inequalities, and ecological devastation. This commentary reflects on these issues, drawing out some of the most important lessons to be learned and challenges to be faced in the COVID-19 pandemic and its aftermath, advocating for a radical social change to deal with these challenges.So nature does indeed need protection from man; but man, too, needs protection from his own acts, for he is part of the living world. His war against nature is inevitably a war against himself.





Patients with signs of COVID-19 were tested with CDC approved diagnostic RT-28 PCR for SARS-CoV-2 using RNA extracted from nasopharyngeal/nasal swabs. In order 29 to determine the variants of SARS-CoV-2 circulating in the state of Nevada, 200 patient 30 specimens from positively identified cases were sequenced through our robust protocol 31 for sequencing SARS-CoV-2 genomes from the nasopharyngeal or nasal swabs. This 32 protocol enabled the identification of specific nucleotide variants including those coding 33 for D614G and clades defining mutations. Additionally, these sequences were used for 34 determining the phylogenetic relationships of SARS-CoV-2 genomes of public health 35 importance occurring in the state of Nevada. Our study reports the occurrence of a novel 36 variant in the nsp12 (RdRp-RNA dependent RNA Polymerase) protein at residue 323 37 (314aa of orf1b) to Phenylalanine (F) from Proline (P), present in the original isolate of 38 SARS-CoV-2 (Wuhan-Hu-1). This 323F variant is found at a very high frequency (46% of 39 the tested specimen) in Northern Nevada, possibly because the virus accumulated this 40 mutation while circulating in the community and the shelter in place orders restricted the 41 introduction and spread of other variants into this region. Structural modeling of the RdRp 42 with P323F variant did not show any significant difference in protein conformation, but the 43 phenotypic effect is unknown and an area of active investigation. In conclusion, our 44 results highlight the introduction and spread of specific SARS-CoV-2 variants at very high 45 frequency within a distinct geographic location that is important for clinical and public 46 health perspectives in understanding the evolution and transmission of SARS-CoV-2. 47





Social distancing measures, with varying degrees of restriction, have been imposed around the world in order to stem the spread of COVID-19. In this work we analyze the effect of current social distancing measures in the United States. We quantify the reduction in doubling rate, by state, that is associated with social distancing. We find that social distancing is associated with a statistically-significant reduction in the doubling rate for all but three states. At the same time, we do not find significant evidence that social distancing has resulted in a reduction in the number of daily confirmed cases. Instead, social distancing has merely stabilized the spread of the disease. We provide an illustration of our findings for each state, including point estimates of the effective reproduction number, R, both with and without social distancing. We also discuss the policy implications of our findings.





297 Word Count: 3,083AbstractWe aim to provide a 'snapshot' of the levels of burnout, anxiety, depression and distress among healthcare workers during the COVID-19 pandemic.We distributed an online survey via social media in June 2020 that was open to any UK healthcare worker. The primary outcome measure was symptoms of burnout as measured using the Copenhagen Burnout Inventory (CBI). Secondary outcomes of depression, anxiety and distress as measured using the Patient Health Questionnaire-9, General Anxiety Scale-7, and Impact of Events Scale-Revised were recorded along with subjective measures of stress.Multivariate logistic regression analysis was performed to identify factors associated with burnout, depression, anxiety and distress.Of 539 persons responding to the survey, 90% were female, and 26% were aged 41-50 years, 53% were nurses. Participants with moderate-to-severe burnout were younger (49% [206/424] versus 33% [38/115] under 40 years, P=0.004), and more likely to have pre-existing comorbidities (21% versus 12%, P=0.031). They were twice as likely to have been redeployed from their usual role (22% versus 11%; adjusted odds ratio [OR] 2.2, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.5-3.3, P=0.042), or to work in an area dedicated to COVID-19 patients (50% versus 32%, adjusted OR 1.6, 95% CI 1.4-1.8, P<0.001), and were almost 4-times more likely to have previous depression (24% versus 7%; adjusted OR 3.6, 95% CI 2.2-5.9, P=0.012). A supportive workplace team and male sex protected against burnout reducing the odds by 40% (adjusted OR 0.6, 95% CI 0.5-0.7, P<0.001) and 70% (adjusted OR 0.3, 95% CI 0.2-0.5, P=0.003), respectively.




Objectives: Fatigue is a pervasive clinical symptom for many infected with an influenza virus. Prior evidence from influenza pandemics suggest that fatigue symptomology may continue beyond the acute phase, lasting for several months to several years postdischarge. This living systematic review aimed to examine long-term fatigue prevalence among survivors and among communities, as well as investigate the current evidence for associated factors.Design: Systematic review and meta-analysis.Participants: Patient populations with a confirmed diagnosis of a named influenza virus.Results: Ten studies met the inclusion criteria for a pooled prevalence analysis and five studies were identified as eligible for a means differences analysis. A fatigue prevalence of 41% (95% CI 0.299-0.488) was found among a total population of 1,310. Using the 'vitality' subscale of the SF-36 as a proxy for fatigue, the estimate for means differences indicated a . CC-BY-NC-ND 4.0 International license It is made available under a perpetuity.is the author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in (which was not certified by peer review) preprintThe copyright holder for this this version posted December 7, 2020. ; https://doi.org/10.1101/2020.12.04.20244145 doi: medRxiv preprintlower mean vitality score for survivors compared to population norms (M -1.523, CI -13.53 -10.48), although this was not significant (p = 0.803). The most common associations with fatigue were PTSD, depression and anxiety, ICU admission, female gender and higher age.This study reveals that a significant proportion of survivors (41%) experienced fatigue following their recovery from an influenza virus such as SARS or MERS and that this fatigue can be long-lasting. Also, that some factors such as female gender and psychological factors may contribute to continuing fatigue outcomes for this population. Strengths and limitations: (a) this study provides support for long-term fatigue outcomes in people with a confirmed coronavirus or other influenza virus pandemic, (b) the study suggests an aetiological role for some psychological and social factors, (c) findings are limited by the availability of fatigue data and lack of pre-morbid fatigue information; (d) a meta-analysis on the associations was prohibited by the small number of studies investigating long-term fatigue correlates and (e) the heterogeneity of the studies (>75%)suggests the pooled estimates should be interpreted with caution.




length: 241 words 35 Paper length: 2,082 words 36 37 38 J o u r n a l P r e -p r o o f Abstract 39 Objectives 40 To describe the clinical evolution and predictors of symptom persistence during 2-month 41 follow-up in adults with non-critical COVID-19. 42 Methods 43 Descriptive clinical follow-up (days 7, 30 [D30] and 60 [D60]) of 150 patients with non-44 critical COVID-19 confirmed by RT-PCR at Tours University Hospital from March 17 to 45 June 3, 2020, including demographic, clinical and laboratory data collected from the 46 electronic medical records and by phone call. Persisting symptoms were defined by the 47 Up to 2 months after symptom onset, two thirds of adults with non-critical COVID-19 had 61 complaints, mainly anosmia/ageusia, dyspnea or asthenia. A prolonged medical follow-up of 62 patients with COVID-19 seems essential, whatever the initial clinical presentation. 63 J o u r n a l P r e -p r o o f Odds Ratios [95% Confidence Interval] // // J o u r n a l P r e -p r o o f





Bovine respiratory syncytial virus (BRSV) is an important cause of respiratory disease among calves in the Danish cattle industry. An experimental BRSV infection model was used to study the pathogenesis of the disease in calves. Broncho alveolar lung lavage (BAL) was performed on 28 Jersey calves, of which 23 were experimentally infected with BRSV and ®ve were given a mock inoculum. The presence of the cytokine tumor necrosis factor a (TNF-a) in the BAL¯uids was detected and quanti®ed by a capture ELISA. TNF-a was detected in 21 of the infected animals. The amount of TNF-a in the BAL¯uid of calves killed post inoculation day (PID) 2 and 4 was at the same very low level as in the uninfected control animals. Large amounts of TNF-a were detected on PID 6, maximum levels of TNF-a were reached on PID 7, and smaller amounts of TNF-a were seen on PID 8. The high levels of TNF-a appeared on the days where severe lung lesions and clinical signs were obvious and the amounts of BRSV-antigen were at their greatest. Although Pasteurellaceae were isolated from some of the BRSV-infected calves, calves treated with antibiotics before and through the whole period of the infection, as well as BRSV-infected calves free of bacteria reached the same level of TNF-a as animals from which bacteria were isolated from the lungs. It is concluded that signi®cant quantities of TNF-a are produced in the lungs of the calves Veterinary Immunology and Immunopathology 76 (2000) 199±214Abbreviations: PID, post inoculation day; BRSV, bovine respiratory syncytial virus; Mock, mock inoculum; BAL, broncho alveolar lung lavage; TNF-a, tumor necrosis factor-a





Objective: To assess the impact of describing an antibody-positive test result using the terms Immunity and Passport or Certificate, alone or in combination, on perceived risk of becoming infected with SARS-CoV-2 and intention to continue protective behaviours.Design: 2 × 3 experimental design.Participants: 1,204 adults registered with a UK research panel.Intervention: Participants were randomised to receive one of six descriptions of an antibody test and results showing SARS-CoV-2 antibodies, differing in the terms used to describe the type of test (Immunity vs Antibody) and the test result (Passport vs Certificate vs Test).The primary outcome was the proportion of participants perceiving no risk of becoming infected with SARS-CoV-2 given an antibody positive test result. Other outcomes include intended changes to frequency of handwashing and physical distancing.: When using the term Immunity (vs Antibody), 19.1% of participants [95% CI: 16.1 to 22.5] (vs 9.8% [95% CI: 7.5 to 12.4]) perceived no risk of catching coronavirus at some point in the future given an antibody-positive test result (AOR: 2.91 [95% CI: 1.52 to 5.55]). Using the terms Passport or Certificate -as opposed to Test -had no significant effect (AOR: 1.24 [95% CI: 0.62 to 2.48] and AOR: 0.96 [95% CI: 0.47 to 1.99] respectively). There was no significant interaction between the effects of the test and result terminology. Across groups, perceiving no risk of infection was associated with an intention to wash hands less frequently (AOR: 2.32 [95% CI: 1.25 to 4.28]) but there was no significant association with intended avoidance of physical contact with others outside of the home (AOR: 1.37 [95% CI: 0.93-2.03]).Conclusions: Using the term Immunity (vs Antibody) to describe antibody tests for SARS-CoV-2 increases the proportion of people believing that an antibody-positive result means they have no risk of catching coronavirus in the future, a perception that may be associated with less frequent handwashing. The way antibody testing is have implications for the likely impact of testing on transmission rates.




Superimposition of protein structures is key in unravelling structural homology across proteins whose sequence similarity is lost. Structural comparison provides insights into protein function and evolution. Here, we review some of the original findings and thoughts that have led to the current established structure-based phylogeny of viruses: starting from the original observation that the major capsid proteins of plant and animal viruses possess similar folds, to the idea that each virus has an innate ""self"". This latter idea fueled the conceptualization of the PRD1-adenovirus lineage whose members possess a major capsid protein (innate ""self"") with a double jelly roll fold. Based on this approach, long-range viral evolutionary relationships can be detected allowing the virosphere to be classified in four structure-based lineages. However, this process is not without its challenges or limitations. As an example of these hurdles, we finally touch on the difficulty of establishing structural ""self"" traits for enveloped viruses showcasing the coronaviruses but also the power of structure-based analysis in the understanding of emerging viruses




Background: Although people of all ages are susceptible to the novel coronavirus infection, which is presently named ""Coronavirus Disease 2019"" (COVID-19), there has been relatively few cases reported among children. Therefore, it is necessary to understand the clinical characteristics of COVID-19 in children and the differences from adults. Case presentation: We report one pediatric case of COVID-19. A 14-month-old boy was admitted to the hospital with a symptom of fever, and was diagnosed with a mild form of COVID-19. The child's mother and grandmother also tested positive for SARS-CoV-2 RNA. However, the lymphocyte counts were normal. The chest computed tomography (CT) revealed scattered ground glass opacities in the right lower lobe close to the pleura and resorption after the treatment. The patient continued to test positive for SARS-CoV-2 RNA in the nasopharyngeal swabs and stool at 17 days after the disappearance of symptoms. Conclusion: The present pediatric case of COVID-19 was acquired through household transmission, and the symptoms were mild. Lymphocyte counts did not significantly decrease. The RNA of SARS-CoV-2 in stool and nasopharyngeal swabs remained positive for an extended period of time after the disappearance of symptoms. This suggests that attention should be given to the potential contagiousness of pediatric COVID-19 cases after clinical recovery.




Viruses maximize their genetic coding capacity through a variety of biochemical mechanisms including programmed ribosomal frameshifting (PRF), which facilitates the production of multiple proteins from a single transcript. PRF is typically stimulated by structural elements within the mRNA that generate mechanical tension between the transcript and ribosome. However, in this work we show that the forces generated by the cotranslational folding of the nascent polypeptide chain can also enhance PRF. Using an array of biochemical, cellular, and computational techniques, we first demonstrate that the Sindbis virus structural polyprotein forms two competing topological isomers during biosynthesis at the ribosome-translocon complex. We then show that the formation of one of these topological isomers is linked to PRF. Coarse-grained molecular dynamic simulations reveal that the translocon-mediated membrane integration of a transmembrane domain upstream from the ribosomal slip-site generates a force on the nascent polypeptide chain that scales with observed frameshifting. Together, our results demonstrate that cotranslational folding of this protein generates a tension that stimulates PRF. To our knowledge, this constitutes the first example in which the conformational state of the nascent chain has been linked to PRF. These findings raise the possibility that, in addition to RNA-mediated translational recoding, a variety of cotranslational folding and/ or binding events may also stimulate PRF.





This paper estimates the effect of the expansion of broadband infrastructure, which enables highspeed Internet, on population development in panel of Finnish areas in the period 2010-2018. The study differs from previous studies in that it uses accurate statistics on the availability of broadband in 1 km * 1 km population grids. Therefore, the impact of broadband availability on rural development is evaluated more accurately than previously. The results of the Difference-indifference (DiD) regression analysis show that the availability of broadband reduces depopulation of remote and sparsely populated rural areas. In this respect, the telecommunication policy in Finland has been successful, and the findings encourage the expansion of broadband infrastructure in rural areas.






Middle East respiratory syndrome (MERS) is an acute, high-mortality-rate, severe infectious disease caused by an emerging MERS coronavirus (MERS-CoV) that causes severe respiratory diseases. The continuous spread and great pandemic potential of MERS-CoV make it necessarily important to develop effective vaccines. We previously demonstrated that the application of Gram-positive enhancer matrix (GEM) particles as a bacterial vector displaying the MERS-CoV receptor-binding domain (RBD) is a very promising MERS vaccine candidate that is capable of producing potential neutralization antibodies. We have also used the rabies virus (RV) as a viral vector to design a recombinant vaccine by expressing the MERS-CoV S1 (spike) protein on the surface of the RV. In this study, we compared the immunological efficacy of the vaccine candidates in BALB/c mice in terms of the levels of humoral and cellular immune responses. The results show that the rabies virus vector-based vaccine can induce remarkably earlier antibody response and higher levels of cellular immunity than the GEM particles vector. However, the GEM particles vector-based vaccine candidate can induce remarkably higher antibody response, even at a very low dose of 1 µg. These results indicate that vaccines constructed using different vaccine vector platforms for the same pathogen have different rates and trends in humoral and cellular immune responses in the same animal model. This discovery not only provides more alternative vaccine development platforms for MERS-CoV vaccine development, but also provides a theoretical basis for our future selection of vaccine vector platforms for other specific pathogens.




A comprehensive interdisciplinary study is performed for 12 polymers promising for the fabrication of membranes for extracorporeal membrane oxygenation based on them by methods of gas permeability, wetting, piezoelectric microweighing, and direct biomedical methods for determining hemocompatibility of whole blood from healthy donors. It is found that trimethylsilyl-substituted polytricyclononene, polyhexafluoropropylene, and semicrystalline polyphenylene oxide are the best polymer materials for the diffusion membranes of oxygenators. It is shown that traditional approaches that associate the surface properties of polymers (water wettability, plasma protein adsorption, energy characteristics of surfaces) with their hemocompatibility do not provide precise correlations with the biomedical methods based on the analysis of the changes in the shape of blood cells as a result of adhesion on the surface of the polymer. The complexity of the mechanism of interaction of the surface of polymers with blood also does not allow for clear structureproperty correlations traditional for membrane gas separation. The directions of further research in this area are defined.




To investigate the role of ethnicity in COVID-19 outcome disparities in a cohort in Kuwait.This is a retrospective analysis of 405 individuals infected with SARS-CoV-2 in Kuwait. Outcomes such as symptoms severity and mortality were considered. Multivariate logistic regression models were used to report the odds ratios (OR) for ICU admission and dying from COVID-19.





Background: A major outbreak of human enterovirus 71-associated hand, foot and mouth disease in Sarawak in 1997 marked the beginning of a series of outbreaks in the Asia Pacific region. Some of these outbreaks had unusually high numbers of fatalities and this generated much fear and anxiety in the region.We established a sentinel surveillance programme for hand, foot and mouth disease in Sarawak, Malaysia, in March 1998, and the observations of the first 7 years are described here. Virus isolation, serotyping and genotyping were performed on throat, rectal, vesicle and other swabs.: During this period Sarawak had two outbreaks of human enterovirus 71, in 2000 and 2003. The predominant strains circulating in the outbreaks of 1997, 2000 and 2003 were all from genogroup B, but the strains isolated during each outbreak were genetically distinct from each other. Human enterovirus 71 outbreaks occurred in a cyclical pattern every three years and Coxsackievirus A16 co-circulated with human enterovirus 71. Although vesicles were most likely to yield an isolate, this sample was not generally available from most cases and obtaining throat swabs was thus found to be the most efficient way to obtain virological information.Knowledge of the epidemiology of human enterovirus 71 transmission will allow public health personnel to predict when outbreaks might occur and to plan interventions in an effective manner in order to reduce the burden of disease.




During the current pandemic and in the past, shortages of high quality respirators have forced people to protect themselves with homemade face masks that filter poorly in comparison to N95 respirators 1-4 and are often designed in ways that makes them susceptible to leaks 5,6 . Nevertheless, there is compelling epidemiological 7,8 and laboratory evidence 9-12 that face masks can be effective in impeding the spread of respiratory viruses such as influenza and SARS-CoV-2. Here we show that this apparent inconsistency can be resolved with a simple face mask model that combines our filtration efficiency measurements of various mask materials with existing data on exhaled aerosol characteristics. By reanalyzing these data we are able to reconcile the vastly different aerosol size distributions reported 13-19 and derive representative volume distributions for speech and breath aerosol. Multiplying filtration efficiency by those aerosol volumes, which are proportional to emitted viral load, shows that electrostatically charged materials perform the best but that even most uncharged fabrics remove > 85 % of breath and > 99 % of speech aerosol volume for exhaled particles < 10 µm in diameter. A leak model we develop shows the best uncharged fabric masks are made of highly air-permeable and often thin materials reducing viral load by up to 45 % and 50 % for breath and speech, respectively. Less permeable materials provide reduced protection because unfiltered air is forced through the leak. This can even render some charged materials inferior to uncharged household materials. Our model also shows that thin fabric masks provide protection for the wearer from aerosols expelled by another person reducing inhaled viral load by up to 20 % and 50 % and if leaks are avoided up to 35 % and 90 % for breath and speech, respectively.Respiratory viruses such as influenza and SARS-CoV-2 (severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2) are detectable in the fluids of the upper respiratory tract of infected people 9,20,21 and can be expelled from the nasal and oral cavity within giant liquid aerosols, often referred to as droplets, that are formed when mucus and saliva layers break up during sneezing and coughing 22,23 and even speaking 17, 19 . The largest of these, with diameters > 100 µm, rapidly settle to surfaces. Particles with diameters of a few tens of microns quickly lose water and shrink in relatively dry ambient air, so fall slowly and can remain airborne for extended periods. Even smaller aerosols are generated during these activities 17,24,25 that can stay airborne for hours but originate from deeper inside the respiratory tract.Interest in these tiny aerosols, that are in fact the result of normal breathing, reaches back almost a century, but it was not until the late 1990s that exhaled breath aerosol was analyzed comprehensively with a laser-based optical particle counter 13 . These observations have since been repeated with other measurement techniques yield-ing divergent results 17,19,24 but also reproduced multiple times [14] [15] [16] 18 , confirming the notion of two breath modes with average number concentration mode diameters around 0.95 µm and 3.36 µm at the high humidity inside the respiratory tract (see methods for derivation of mode diameters from existing data). The larger of these two modes originates from an area around the vocal cords (larynx mode) where air turbulence ruptures the laryngeal mucus layer during exhalation 26 , while the smaller mode originates deep in the lungs. Studies show that these tiny aerosols form during inhalation when the lining fluid inside the lungs stretches and ruptures during reopening of the bronchioles that close during exhalation 14,16,27 . A single study found an even smaller mode created in the lungs with a mean diameter near 0.15 µm 15




Cholesterol is a major constituent of detergent-resistant membrane microdomains (DRMs). We localized transmissible gastroenteritis virus (TGEV) spike (S) protein in DRMs in the viral envelope. Though S protein was not solubilized by cold non-ionic detergents, this behavior was unchanged when cholesterol was depleted from viral membrane by methyl-␤-cyclodextrin (M␤CD) and the protein did not comigrate with cellular DRM marker proteins in flotation analyses. Therefore, the S protein is not anchored in the viral membrane DRMs as they are known to occur in the plasma membrane. Cholesterol depletion from viral membrane may not affect the adsorption process as neither the sialic acid binding activity nor the binding to aminopeptidase N was reduced post-M␤CD treatment. Reduced infectivity of cholesterol-depleted TGEV was observed only when the adsorption process occurred at 37 • C but not when the virus was applied at 4 • C. Cholesterol is important for a post-adsorption step, allowing membrane rearrangements that facilitate virus entry.





The purpose of this form is to provide readers of your manuscript with information about your other interests that could influence how they receive and understand your work. The form is designed to be completed electronically and stored electronically. It contains programming that allows appropriate data display. Each author should submit a separate form and is responsible for the accuracy and completeness of the submitted information. The form is in six parts.




We conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis to assess the clinical efficacy of high-flow nasal cannula (HFNC) therapy as apneic oxygenation in critically ill patients who require endotracheal intubation in the intensive care unit (ICU). This systematic review and meta-analysis included six randomized controlled trials and a prospective study identified in PubMed, Embase, Cochrane Library, and the Web of Science until August 18, 2019. In this meta-analysis including 956 participants, HFNC was noninferior to standard of care during endotracheal intubation regarding incidence of severe hypoxemia, mean lowest oxygen saturation, and in-hospital mortality. HFNC significantly shortened the ICU stay by a mean of 1.8 days. In linear meta-regression interaction analysis, the risk ratio of severe hypoxemia decreased with increasing baseline partial oxygen pressure (PaO 2 ) to fraction of inspired oxygen (FiO 2 ) ratio. In subgroup analysis, HFNC significantly reduced the incidence of severe hypoxemia during endotracheal intubation in patients with mild hypoxemia (PaO 2 /fio 2 > 200 mmHg; risk difference, −0.06; 95% confidence interval, −0.12 to −0.01; number needed to treat = 16.7). In conclusion, HFNC was noninferior to standard of care for oxygen delivery during endotracheal intubation and was associated with a significantly shorter ICU stay. The beneficial effect of HFNC in reducing the incidence of severe hypoxemia was observed in patients with mild hypoxemia.Each year in the United States, approximately 1.5 million patients are estimated to receive endotracheal intubation and the rate of intubation is increasing in the hospital 1 . Hypoxemia, a frequently reported complication of intubation, is considered a predisposing factor for cardiac arrest and death 2-5 . Therefore, oxygenation during endotracheal intubation plays an important role in prolonging the maintenance of acceptable oxygen saturation levels.In 1959, Frumin et al. 6 were the first to develop apneic oxygenation, which delivered supplemental oxygen via nasal cannulation during surgery and anesthesia to allow for sustained levels of sufficient oxygen in alveoli and blood. A recent clinical trial convincingly demonstrated that apneic oxygenation during endotracheal intubation





Mechanism of HAb18G/CD147 underlying the metastasis process of human hepatoma cells has not been determined. In the present study, we found that integrin a3b1 colocalizes with HAb18G/CD147 in human 7721 hepatoma cells. The enhancing effect of HAb18G/CD147 on adhesion, invasion capacities and matrix metalloproteinases (MMPs) secretion was decreased by integrin a3b1 antibodies (p<0.01). The expressions of integrin downstream molecules including focal adhesion kinase (FAK), phospho-FAK (p-FAK), paxillin, and phospho-paxillin (p-paxillin) were increased in human hepatoma cells overexpressing HAb18G/CD147. Deletion of HAb18G/CD147 reduces the quantity of focal adhesions and rearranges cytoskeleton. Wortmannin and LY294002, specific phosphatidylinositol kinase (PI3K) inhibitors, reversed the effect of HAb18G/CD147 on the regulation of intracellular Ca 2+ mobilization, significantly reducing cell adhesion, invasion and MMPs secretion potential (p<0.01). Together, these results suggest that HAb18G/CD147 enhances the invasion and metastatic potentials of human hepatoma cells via integrin a3b1-mediated FAK-paxillin and FAK-PI3K-Ca 2+ signal pathways.




Anti-viral activities of long-chain inorganic polyphosphates (PolyPs) against severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV)-2 infection were investigated. In molecular docking analyses, PolyPs interacted with several conserved angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE)2 and RNA-dependent RNA polymerase (RdRp) amino acids. We thus tested PolyPs for functional interactions in vitro in SARS-CoV-2-infected Vero E6, Caco2 and human primary nasal epithelial cells. Immunofluorescence, qPCR, direct RNA sequencing, FISH and Immunoblotting were used to determine virus loads and transcription levels of genomic(g)RNAs and sub-genomic(sg)RNAs. We show that PolyP120 binds to ACE2 and enhances its proteasomal degradation. PolyP120 shows steric hindrance of the genomic Sars-CoV-2-RNA/RdRP complex, to impair synthesis of positive-sense gRNAs, viral subgenomic transcripts and structural proteins needed for viral replication. Thus, PolyP120 impairs infection and replication of Korean and European (containing non-synonymous variants) SARS-CoV-2 strains. As PolyPs have no toxic activities, we envision their use as a nebulised formula for oropharyngeal delivery to prevent infections of SARS-CoV-2 and during early phases of antiviral therapy.




Concern has been expressed over how well Africa is prepared to cope with the pandemic of Covid-19. Will rural populations with low levels of education know how to apply community-based infection control? We undertook fieldwork in two villages in central Sierra Leone to gain insight into how rural people faced with Covid-19 assess epidemic infection risks.Two communities were selected based on prior contrasted exposure to Ebola Virus Disease-one with substantial number of cases and the other having resisted infection through strong community sequestration measures. We assessed understanding of infection risks via an experimental game. This asked players to express a preference for one of two diseases, one resembling Ebola with lower risk of infection and the other resembling Covid-19 with lower risk of death. Players were not told the identity of the diseases.In total 107 adult villagers played the game (58% women). Half (52%) preferred the disease model with lower risk of infection, 29% preferred the model with lower risk of death, while 21% saw the combined risk of infection and death as being equivalent. Differences in reactions between the two locations were small despite different experiences of Ebola. Asked to explain their choices 48% of players cited information on infection risks modelled by the game and 31% stated that their choices reflected awareness of the need for personal action and respect for local regulations. We concluded that villagers thoughtfully assess disease risks and that some are good intuitive statisticians.Results suggest rural people in Sierra Leone retain the lessons of experience from the Ebola outbreak of 2014-15 and will be able to apply these lessons to a new infectious PLOS ONE PLOS ONE | https://doi.




Background: The amount of information available about millions of different subjects is growing every day. This has led to the birth of new search tools specialized in different domains, because classical information retrieval models have trouble dealing with the special characteristics of some of these domains. Evidence-based Medicine is a case of a complex domain where classical information retrieval models can help search engines retrieve documents by considering the presence or absence of terms, but these must be complemented with other specific strategies which allow retrieving and ranking documents including the best current evidence and methodological quality.Objective: The goal is to present a ranking algorithm able to select the best documents for clinicians considering aspects related to the relevance and the quality of said documents.Methods: In order to assess the effectiveness of this proposal, an experimental methodology has been followed by using Medline as a data set and the Cochrane Library as a gold standard.Results: Applying the evaluation methodology proposed, and after submitting 40 queries on the platform developed, the MAP (Mean Average Precision) obtained was 20.26%.Conclusions: Successful results have been achieved with the experiments, improving on other studies, but under different and even more complex circumstances. with real users [ 5 , 6 ]; nevertheless, there are studies that question whether technology applied to clinical information retrieval is useful and cast doubt on the ability of scientists to search appropriately [7] . Hence, it is necessary to develop algorithms to improve the quality of search results, especially as finding the best studies may suppose a better treatment for patients [8] .An example may be the algorithm proposed in [9] which models quality criteria through fuzzy prototypes in order to filter Personal Health Records (PHRs). This is only one example of documents in Medicine, but there are many other types of documents (review articles, original studies, case reports, etc.) that are important, especially in Evidence-based Medicine (EBM). According to [10] , EBM is ""the conscientious, explicit, and judicious use of current best evidence in making decisions about the care of individual patients."" Therefore, EBM consists of integrating the best research evidence with clinical expertise and patient values. It is based on two main principles, the application of the best available evidence from the scientific method to medical decision making [11] and the assessment of the quality of evidence of the advantages and disadvantages of treatments [12] .





Antibody-based therapeutics currently enjoy unprecedented success, growth in research and revenues, and recognition of their potential. It appears that the promise of the ''magic bullet'' has largely been realized. There are currently 22 monoclonal antibodies (mAbs) approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for clinical use and hundreds are in clinical trials for treatment of various diseases including cancers, immune disorders, and infections. The revenues from the top five therapeutic antibodies (Rituxan, Remicade, Herceptin, Humira, and Avastin) nearly doubled from $6.4 billion in 2004 to $11.7 billion in 2006. During the last several years major pharmaceutical companies raced to acquire antibody companies, with a recent example of MedImmune being purchased for $15.6 billion by AstraZeneca. These therapeutic and business successes reflect the major advances in antibody engineering which have resulted in the generation of safe, specific, high-affinity, and non-immunogenic antibodies during the last three decades. Currently, second and third generations of antibodies are under development, mostly to improve already existing antibody specificities. However, although the refinement of already known methodologies is certainly of great importance for potential clinical use, there are no conceptually new developments in the last decade comparable, for example, to the development of antibody libraries, phage display, domain antibodies (dAbs), and antibody humanization to name a few. A fundamental question is then whether there will be another change in the paradigm of research as happened 1-2 decades ago or the current trend of gradual improvement of already developed methodologies and therapeutic antibodies will continue. Although any prediction could prove incorrect, it appears that conceptually new methodologies are needed to overcome the fundamental problems of drug (antibody) resistance due to genetic or/and epigenetic alterations in cancer and chronic infections, as well as problems related to access to targets and complexity of biological systems. If new methodologies are not developed, it is likely that gradual saturation will occur in the pipeline of conceptually new antibody therapeutics. In this scenario we will witness an increase in combination of targets and antibodies, and further attempts to personalize targeted treatments by using appropriate biomarkers as well as to develop novel scaffolds with properties that are superior to those of the antibodies now in clinical use.




Covid-19 has lead to increased levels of personal protective equipment (PPE) in surgical specialties. Aneurin Bevan Healthboard Oral and Maxillofacial unit sees approximately 2808 patients per annum and to meet current guidelines this added PPE is estimated to cost and extra £32,292. Whilst this helps improve safety for clinicians and patients we also recommend evidence is regularly reviewed to assess what PPE is justified at different stages of viral prevalence.Introduction:




The past several years have witnessed a huge surge in the use of social media platforms during mass convergence events such as health emergencies, natural or human-induced disasters. These non-traditional data sources are becoming vital for disease forecasts and surveillance when preparing for epidemic and pandemic outbreaks. In this paper, we present GeoCoV19, a large-scale Twitter dataset containing more than 524 million multilingual tweets posted over a period of 90 days since February 1, 2020. Moreover, we employ a gazetteer-based approach to infer the geolocation of tweets. We postulate that this largescale, multilingual, geolocated social media data can empower the research communities to evaluate how societies are collectively coping with this unprecedented global crisis as well as to develop computational methods to address challenges such as identifying fake news, understanding communities' knowledge gaps, building disease forecast and surveillance models, among others.





Repeat inpatient SARS-CoV-2 testing demonstrated limited benefit at our institution with no negative-to-positive conversions. NP RT-PCR appears to have a low rate of false negative results in a low prevalence area, indicating higher than reported clinical sensitivity.A c c e p t e d M a n u s c r i p t ABSTRACT Background: Multiple factors have led to an extremely high volume of SARS-CoV-2 RT-PCR testing. Concerns exist about sensitivity and false-negative SARS-CoV-2 RT-PCR testing results. We describe a retrospective observational study examining the utility of repeat nasopharyngeal (NP) SARS-CoV-2 RT-PCR testing at an academic center in a low prevalence setting.Methods: All patients within our health system with >1 NP SARS-CoV-2 RT-PCR test result were included. SARS-CoV-2 RT-PCR testing was performed according to one of four validated assays. Key clinical and demographic data was collected including whether the patient was inpatient or outpatient at time of the test and whether the test was performed as part of a person under investigation (PUI) for possible COVID-19 or for asymptomatic screening.Results: A total of 660 patients had >1 NP SARS-CoV-2 PCR test performed. The initial test was negative in 638. There were only 6 negative-to-positive conversions (0.9%). All 6 were outpatients undergoing a PUI work-up 5-17 days after an initial negative result. In >260 inpatients with repeat testing, we found no instances of negative-to-positive conversion including those undergoing PUI or asymptomatic evaluation.In a low prevalence area, repeat inpatient testing after an initial negative result, using a highly analytically sensitive SARS-CoV-2 RT-PCR, failed to demonstrate negative-to-positive conversion. The clinical sensitivity of NP RT-PCR testing may be higher than previously believed. These results have helped shape diagnostic stewardship guidelines, in particular guidance to decrease repeated testing in the inpatient setting to optimize test utilization and preserve resources.




We quantify the impact of the Wuhan Covid-19 lockdown on concentrations of four air pollutants using a two-step approach. First, we use machine learning to remove the confounding effects of weather conditions on pollution concentrations. Second, we use a new augmented synthetic control method (Ben-Michael et al. in The augmented synthetic control method. University of California Berkeley, Mimeo, 2019. https ://arxiv .org/pdf/1811.04170 .pdf) to estimate the impact of the lockdown on weather normalised pollution relative to a control group of cities that were not in lockdown. We find NO 2 concentrations fell by as much as 24 μg/m 3 during the lockdown (a reduction of 63% from the pre-lockdown level), while PM10 concentrations fell by a similar amount but for a shorter period. The lockdown had no discernible impact on concentrations of SO 2 or CO. We calculate that the reduction of NO 2 concentrations could have prevented as many as 496 deaths in Wuhan city, 3368 deaths in Hubei province and 10,822 deaths in China as a whole.





Introduction: Community acquired pneumonia (CAP) is the most common infectious reason for admission to the Intensive Care Unit (ICU). The GenOSept study was designed to determine genetic influences on sepsis outcome. Phenotypic data was recorded using a robust clinical database allowing a contemporary analysis of the clinical characteristics, microbiology, outcomes and independent risk factors in patients with severe CAP admitted to ICUs across Europe. Methods: Kaplan-Meier analysis was used to determine mortality rates. A Cox Proportional Hazards (PH) model was used to identify variables independently associated with 28-day and six-month mortality.Results: Data from 1166 patients admitted to 102 centres across 17 countries was extracted. Median age was 64 years, 62% were male. Mortality rate at 28 days was 17%, rising to 27% at six months. Streptococcus pneumoniae was the commonest organism isolated (28% of cases) with no organism identified in 36%. Independent risk factors associated with an increased risk of death at six months included APACHE II score (hazard ratio, HR, 1.03; confidence interval, CI, 1.01-1.05), bilateral pulmonary infiltrates (HR1.44; CI 1.11-1.87) and ventilator support (HR 3.04; CI 1.64-5.62). Haematocrit, pH and urine volume on day one were all associated with a worse outcome.The mortality rate in patients with severe CAP admitted to European ICUs was 27% at six months. Streptococcus pneumoniae was the commonest organism isolated. In many cases the infecting organism was not identified. Ventilator support, the presence of diffuse pulmonary infiltrates, lower haematocrit, urine volume and pH on admission were independent predictors of a worse outcome.




People do not naturally understand risk. We fear things that happen rarely like kidnapping while ignoring common risks like motor vehicle crashes. We also do not fully comprehend the large effect that age has on risk. In this paper, I introduce a concept that I call age specific months of mortality, abbreviated MOMa, a statistic that will allow people to understand their risk of death within their age group. In a year without excess mortality, i.e. no pandemic, individual causes of death will add up to a total of 12 MOMa. Excess mortality, e.g. a pandemic, adds MOMa beyond 12. For people in their 20s, the MOMa is 5 for accidents, 1.9 for suicide, 1.6 for homicide, and 1.2 for Covid-19. For people in their 60s, the MOMa is 12 for Covid-19, 4 for cancer, 2.6 for coronary heart, and treatment of Covid-19 with dexamethasone reduces MOMa from 12 to 7 months.





Background: Patients with coronavirus disease 2019 can unknowingly spread the virus to several people during the early subclinical period. Methods: We evaluated the viral dynamics in various body fluid specimens, such as nasopharyngeal swab, oropharyngeal swab, saliva, sputum, and urine specimens, of two patients with COVID-19 from hospital day 1 to 9. Additional samples of the saliva were taken at 1 hour, 2 hours, and 4 hours after using a chlorhexidine mouthwash. The severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) viral load was determined by real-time reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (rRT-PCR). Results: SARS-CoV-2 was detected from all the five specimens of both patients by rRT-PCR. The viral load was the highest in the nasopharynx (patient 1 = 8.41 log 10 copies/mL; patient 2 = 7.49 log 10 copies/mL), but it was also remarkably high in the saliva (patient 1 = 6.63 log 10 copies/mL; patient 2 = 7.10 log 10 copies/mL). SARS-CoV-2 was detected up to hospital day 6 (illness day 9 for patient 2) from the saliva of both patients. The viral load in the saliva decreased transiently for 2 hours after using the chlorhexidine mouthwash. Conclusion: SARS-CoV-2 viral load was consistently high in the saliva; it was relatively higher than that in the oropharynx during the early stage of COVID-19. Chlorhexidine mouthwash was effective in reducing the SARS-CoV-2 viral load in the saliva for a short-term period.Patients with COVID-19 can spread the virus to several people during the early subclinical period before being diagnosed. 2 Usually, the symptoms are mild in the earlier stages of the disease, but the condition of the patient rapidly deteriorate 7-10 days after the infection, leading to death in 1.4%-2.3% of patients. 4-6 To understand the transmission dynamics and reinforce infection J Korean Med Sci. 2020 May 25;35(20):e195 https://doi.




Viral outbreaks can be experienced as disruptive and can be associated with traumarelated stress symptoms. In the current study, we adjusted the Dutch version of the Impact of Event Scale (IES) to assess traumatic stress symptoms related to the impact of the COVID-19 outbreak. The psychometric properties of this Impact of Event Scale with modifications for COVID-19 (IES-COVID19) were investigated by administering the IES-COVID19 to 380 university students who participated during the early stage of the COVID-19 outbreak, upon invitation via e-mail. Using confirmatory factor analysis, the factor structure of the IES-COVID19 was found to be similar to the original IES, indicating two latent factors: intrusion and avoidance, c 2 (85) = 147.51, CFI = .92, TLI = .90, RMSEA = .044, SRMR = .049. Cronbach's alpha showed acceptable internal consistency of the total IES-COVID19, a = .75. Pearson's correlations of the IES-COVID19 over time were also sufficient, demonstrating adequate test-retest reliability, r = .62. Significant correlations (ranging between .15 and .50) between the IES-COVID19 and symptoms of depression, anxiety, stress, stress-related rumination, as well as negative social interactions, demonstrate adequate convergent validity. Overall, the IES-COVID19 shows to be a valid and reliable measure that can be utilized to investigate traumarelated stress symptoms of intrusion and avoidance related to the short-and long-term impact of the COVID-19 outbreak.




Although first discovered in viruses, previous studies have identified operational À1 ribosomal frameshifting (À1 RF) signals in eukaryotic genomic sequences, and suggested a role in mRNA stability. Here, four yeast À1 RF signals are shown to promote significant mRNA destabilization through the nonsense mediated mRNA decay pathway (NMD), and genetic evidence is presented suggesting that they may also operate through the no-go decay pathway (NGD) as well. Yeast EST2 mRNA is highly unstable and contains up to five À1 RF signals. Ablation of the À1 RF signals or of NMD stabilizes this mRNA, and changes in À1 RF efficiency have opposing effects on the steady-state abundance of the EST2 mRNA. These results demonstrate that endogenous À1 RF signals function as mRNA destabilizing elements through at least two molecular pathways in yeast. Consistent with current evolutionary theory, phylogenetic analyses suggest that À1 RF signals are rapidly evolving cis-acting regulatory elements. Identification of high confidence À1 RF signals in $10% of genes in all eukaryotic genomes surveyed suggests that À1 RF is a broadly used post-transcriptional regulator of gene expression.




The world awaits a SARS-CoV-2 virus (i.e., COVID-19 disease) vaccine to keep the populace healthy, fully reopen their economies, and return their social and healthcare systems to ""normal."" Vaccine safety and efficacy requires meticulous testing and oversight; this paper describes how despite grandiose public statements, the current vaccine development, testing, and production methods may prove to be ethically dubious, medically dangerous, and socially volatile. The basic moral concern is the potential danger to the health of human test subjects and, eventually, many vaccine recipients. This is further complicated by economic and political pressures to reduce government oversight on rushed vaccine testing and production, nationalistic distribution goals, and failure to plan for the widespread immunization needed to produce global herd immunity. As this paper asserts, the public must be better informed to assess promises about the novel vaccines being produced and to tolerate delays and uncertainty.




Continuity and differentiation elements in the administrative reform cycles are considered from the perspective of implementation, and its gaps. The reformist seasons of the last 25 years mostly shared the same principles, goals and weaknesses in their implementation phases. The vicious cycle of administrative reforms has not been defused: the widespread disagreement in the policy community against further waves of comprehensive reform is an indicator of a persistent low degree of practical implementation, and rather of the prevalence of contradictory effects with respect to reforming principles and goals, like the performance evaluation introduced by statute in 2009. Creeping resistance within administrations is a constant presence, apparently unaffected by several waves of normative innovation. Notwithstanding the recent call for ""concreteness"" of the Five-Star Movement and League ""government of change"", we find that the lack of empirical, in-depth organizational analysis gives the real measure of current complexity to be dealt with.




To explore the relationship between innate immunity and hepatitis C Virus (HCV) in determining the risk of cirrhosis (CIR), hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC), mixed cryoglobulinemia syndrome (MCS) and non-Hodgkin lymphoma (NHL), we investigated the impact of the toll-like receptor-2 (TLR2) and interleukin-28B (IL28B) genetic variants. TLR2 -174 del variant was associated with TLR2 expression and with specific downstream molecules that drive the expression of different interleukins; rs12979860 Il28B was important in response to interferon-treatment and in spontaneous clearance of HCV. The risk for liver and lymphoproliferative diseases in HCV progression was clarified by stratifying 862 HCV-positive patients into groups based on liver (CIR, HCC) and lymphoproliferative HCV-related diseases (MCS, NHL)




Different host genetic variants may be related to the virulence and transmissibility of pandemic Influenza A(H1N1)pdm09, influencing events such as binding of the virus to the entry receptor on the cell of infected individuals and the host immune response. In the present study, two genetic variants of the ST3GAL1 gene, which encodes the Siaα2-3Galβ1-receptor to which influenza A(H1N1)pdm09 virus binds for entry into the host cell, were investigated in an admixed Brazilian population. First, the six exons encoding the ST3GAL1 gene were sequenced in 68 patients infected with strain A(H1N1)pdm09. In a second phase of the study, the rs113350588 and rs1048479 polymorphisms identified in this sample were genotyped in a sample of 356 subjects from the northern and northeastern regions of Brazil with a diagnosis of pandemic influenza. Functional analysis of the polymorphisms was performed in silico and the influence of these variants on the severity of infection was evaluated. The results suggest that rs113350588 and rs1048479 may alter the function of ST3GAL1 either directly through splicing regulation alteration and/or indirectly through LD with SNP with regulatory function. In the study the rs113350588 and rs1048479 polymorphisms were in linkage disequilibrium in the population studied (D' = 0.65). The GC haplotype was associated with an increased risk of death in subjects with influenza (OR = 4.632, 95% CI = 2.10;1.21). The AT haplotype was associated with an increased risk of severe disease and death (OR = 1.993, 95% CI = 1.09;3.61 and OR 4.476, 95% CI = 2.37;8.44, respectively). This study demonstrated for the first time the association of ST3GAL1 gene haplotypes on the risk of more severe disease and death in patients infected with Influenza A(H1N1)pdm09 virus.






Expanded CAG/CTG repeats underlie thirteen neurological disorders, including myotonic 23 dystrophy (DM1) and Huntington's disease (HD). Upon expansion, CAG/CTG repeat loci acquire 24 heterochromatic characteristics. This observation raises the hypothesis that repeat expansion 25 provokes changes to higher order chromatin folding and thereby affects both gene expression in 26 cis and the genetic instability of the repeat tract. Here we tested this hypothesis directly by 27 performing 4C sequencing at the DMPK and HTT loci from DM1 and HD patient-derived cells.28 Surprisingly, chromatin contacts remain unchanged upon repeat expansion at both loci. This was 29 true for loci with different DNA methylation levels and CTCF binding. Repeat sizes ranging from 30 15 to 1,700 displayed strikingly similar chromatin interaction profiles. Our findings argue that 31 extensive changes in heterochromatic properties are not enough to alter chromatin folding at 32 expanded CAG/CTG repeat loci. Moreover, the ectopic insertion of an expanded repeat tract did 33 not change three-dimensional chromatin contacts. We conclude that expanded CAG/CTG 34 repeats have little to no effect on chromatin conformation.The genome is organized into hierarchical topologically associated domains (TADs) (1). This 38 three-dimensional organization of chromatin in the nucleus has a profound impact on 39 transcription, DNA replication, recombination, and repair (2, 3). For instance, heterochromatic and 40 euchromatic loci are spatially separated and display distinct three-dimensional (3D) chromatin 41 interactions as gleaned by microscopy and chromosome conformation capture (3C)-based 42 techniques (2, 4, 5). How this higher-order chromatin structure impinges on biological functions, 43 what determines chromatin domain boundaries, and how it contributes to disease is unclear. 44 Expanded CAG/CTG repeats loci (hereafter referred to according to their mRNA sequence) are 45 ideal to address these questions because they cause diseases and they are associated with 46 changes in local chromatin structure, transcriptional output, and genetic instability (6). 47 CAG/CTG repeats underlie 13 different neurological and neuromuscular disorders including 48 myotonic dystrophy type 1 (DM1) and Huntington's disease (HD). They are part of a larger group 49 of diseases caused by the expansion of short tandem repeats (STRs) (7, 8). Disease-associated 50 STRs (daSTRs) are genetically unstable, especially once they surpass a critical threshold of about 51 35 to 50 units. Their expansion is associated with extensive chromatin remodeling of the 52 expanded loci (6, 9-17). Two such examples are fragile X syndrome (FXS), caused by the 53 expansion of a CGG repeat at the FMR1 gene located on the X chromosome (18-21), and 54 Friedreich's ataxia (FRDA), caused by a homozygous GAA expansion in the first intron of the 55 FXN gene (22). In the case of FXS, expansions beyond 200 CGGs are associated with promoter 56 silencing in cis. This locus accumulates high levels of heterochromatic marks including CpG 57 methylation, H4K20me3, H3K9me2/3, and H3K27me3 while losing euchromatin-associated 58 marks, such as H3 and H4 acetylation as well as H3K4me2 (14, 23-26). In FRDA patient-derived 59 cells, the FXN locus with a tendency towards heterochromatinization and loses CTCF binding in 60 cis (12, 27-30). 61 The shift from a euchromatic to a heterochromatic state upon repeat expansion has led to the 62 hypothesis that there is a concurrent change in higher order chromatin folding. Indeed, 3C-based 63 experiments have revealed an increase in the frequencies of 3D chromatin interactions 64 surrounding expanded GAA and CGG repeats in patient-derived lymphoblastoid cell lines (LCLs) 65 (12, 23, 31). This was interpreted as enhanced compaction around the FXN locus and as a 66 rearrangement of chromatin contact domains at the FMR1 locus in FXS cells, respectively. It was 67 speculated that higher order chromatin folding might contribute to the silencing of the genes in




We study the problem usually referred to as group testing in the context of COVID-19. Given n samples taken from patients, how should we select mixtures of samples to be tested, so as to maximize information and minimize the number of tests? We consider both adaptive and non-adaptive strategies, and take a Bayesian approach with a prior both for infection of patients and test errors. We start by proposing a mathematically principled objective, grounded in information theory. We then optimize non-adaptive optimization strategies using genetic algorithms, and leverage the mathematical framework of adaptive sub-modularity to obtain theoretical guarantees for the greedy-adaptive method.




Counteracting innate immunity is essential for successful viral replication. Host cyclophilins (Cyps) have been implicated in viral evasion of host antiviral responses, although the mechanisms are still unclear. Here, we show that hepatitis C virus (HCV) co-opts the host protein CypA to aid evasion of antiviral responses dependent on the effector protein kinase R (PKR). Pharmacological inhibition of CypA rescues PKR from antagonism by HCV NS5A, leading to activation of an interferon regulatory factor-1 (IRF1)-driven cell intrinsic antiviral program that inhibits viral replication. These findings further the understanding of the complexity of Cyp-virus interactions, provide mechanistic insight into the remarkably broad antiviral spectrum of Cyp inhibitors, and uncover novel aspects of PKR activity and regulation. Collectively, our study identifies a novel antiviral mechanism that harnesses cellular antiviral immunity to suppress viral replication.Colpitts et al. eLife 2020;9:e52237.




Publisher's Note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.




For more than two decades, the cheetah (Acinonyx jubatus) has been considered a paradigm of disease vulnerability associated with low genetic diversity, particularly at the immune genes of the major histocompatibility complex (MHC). Cheetahs have been used as a classic example in numerous conservation genetics textbooks as well as in many related scientific publications. However, earlier studies used methods with low resolution to quantify MHC diversity and/or small sample sizes. Furthermore, high disease susceptibility was reported only for captive cheetahs, whereas free-ranging cheetahs show no signs of infectious diseases and a good general health status. We examined whether the diversity at MHC class I and class II-DRB loci in 149 Namibian cheetahs was higher than previously reported using single-strand conformation polymorphism analysis, cloning, and sequencing. MHC genes were examined at the genomic and transcriptomic levels. We detected ten MHC class I and four class II-DRB alleles, of which nine MHC class I and all class II-DRB alleles were expressed. Phylogenetic analyses and individual genotypes suggested that the alleles belong to four MHC class I and three class II-DRB putative loci. Evidence of positive selection was detected in both MHC loci. Our study indicated that the low number of MHC class I alleles previously observed in cheetahs was due to a smaller sample size examined. On the other hand, the low number of MHC class II-DRB alleles previously observed in cheetahs was further confirmed. Compared with other mammalian species including felids, cheetahs showed low levels of MHC diversity, but this does not seem to influence the immunocompetence of free-ranging cheetahs in Namibia and contradicts the previous conclusion that the cheetah is a paradigm species of disease vulnerability.




Dendritic cells express lectins receptors, like DC-SIGN, which allow these cells to sense glycans that are present on various bacterial and viral pathogens. Interaction of DC-SIGN with carbohydrate moieties induces maturation of dendritic cells and promotes endocytosis of pathogens which is an important property of these professional antigen presenting cells. Uptake of pathogens by dendritic cells may lead to cross-presentation of antigens or infection of these cells, which ultimately results in activation of virus-specific T cells in draining lymph nodes. Little is known about the interaction of DC-SIGN with influenza A viruses. Here we show that a virus with a non-functional receptor binding site in its hemagglutinin, can replicate in cells expressing DC-SIGN. Also in the absence of sialic acids, which is the receptor for influenza A viruses, these viruses replicate in DC-SIGN expressing cells including human dendritic cells. Furthermore, the efficiency of DC-SIGN mediated infection is dependent on the extent of glycosylation of the viral hemagglutinin.




As the COVID-19 pandemic continues to gain momentum around the world, several measures are being put in place to control its spread. One such effort includes the installation of walkthrough sanitization gates to disinfect passersby and prevent cross infection. However, there is lack of clinical evidence on the effectiveness of these walkthrough gates to contain COVID-19. Moreover, there are potential public health concerns associated with these walkthrough gates. Spraying individuals with disinfectant chemicals is strongly discouraged by various health authorities around the globe because of their propensity for eye and skin irritation, bronchospasm following inhalation, and gastrointestinal effects such as nausea and vomiting. This article underscores that the risks associated with the use of these walkthrough gates overweigh any potential benefits. Health authorities must discourage their use and should focus efforts on other preventive measures such as social distancing, wearing masks, and hand hygiene to prevent the spread of COVID-19 among the general public.




From a healthcare perspective, infection due to the novel coronavirus SARS-CoV-2 (severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2) and the ensuing syndrome called COVID-19 (coronavirus disease 2019) represents the biggest challenge the world has faced in several decades. Particularly worrisome are the high contagiousness of the virus and the saturation of hospitals' capacity due to overwhelming caseloads. Non-pharmaceutical interventions such as quarantine and inter-personal distancing are crucial to limiting the spread of the virus in the general population, but more tailored interventions may be needed at an individual level on a case-by-case basis. In this perspective, the most insidious situation is when an individual has contact with a contagious subject without adequate protection. If rapidly recognized afterwards, this occurrence may be promptly addressed through a post-exposure chemoprophylaxis (PEP) with antiviral drugs. This strategy has been implemented for other respiratory viruses (influenza above all) and was successfully used in South Korea among healthcare workers against the Middle East respiratory syndrome (MERS) coronavirus, by providing people who were exposed to high-risk contacts with lopinavir-ritonavir plus ribavirin. Initial experiences with the use of hydroxychloroquine to prevent COVID-19 also seem promising. Post-exposure chemoprophylaxis might help mitigate the spread of SARS-CoV-2 in the current phase of the COVID-19 pandemic.




Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus-2 (SARS-CoV-2), causing Coronavirus Disease 19 , emerged at the end of 2019 and quickly spread to cause a global pandemic with severe socio-economic consequences. The early sequencing of its RNA genome revealed its high similarity to SARS, likely to have originated from bats. The SARS-CoV-2 non-structural protein 10 (nsp10) displays high sequence similarity with its SARS homologue, which binds to and stimulates the 3 -to-5 exoribonuclease and the 2 -O-methlytransferase activities of nsps 14 and 16, respectively. Here, we report the biophysical characterization and 1.6 Å resolution structure of the unbound form of nsp10 from SARS-CoV-2 and compare it to the structures of its SARS homologue and the complex-bound form with nsp16 from SARS-CoV-2. The crystal structure and solution behaviour of nsp10 will not only form the basis for understanding the role of SARS-CoV-2 nsp10 as a central player of the viral RNA capping apparatus, but will also serve as a basis for the development of inhibitors of nsp10, interfering with crucial functions of the replication-transcription complex and virus replication.





Bovine respiratory disease complex is a very important health problem around the world. Present study describes serological distribution of bovine major respiratory viruses in non -vaccinated cattle population of Marmara region in north-western Turkey. Neutralising antibodies specific to bovine viral diarrhoea virus (BVDV), bovine herpesvirus 1 (BHV-1), bovine respiratory syncytial virus (BRSV), bovine parainfluenza virus 3 (PI-3), bovine adenovirus serotype 1 (BAV-1) and serotype 3 (BAV-3) were investigated. Among 584 serum samples collected from 39 establishments in 7 provinces, 41.4% were positive for BVDV, 17.1% for BHV-1, 73.0% for BRSV, 43.0% for PI-3, 89.5% for BAV-1 and 92.3% for BAV-3. There were significant differences observed between seroprevalence rates detected in neighbouring provinces. Serological prevalence of BVDV, BHV-1 and BRSV were extremely higher in large capacity dairy farms than of small capacity farms (p<0.0001). This study demonstrates that herd capacity is a very important risk factor for respiratory viruses and, on the other hand bovine adenoviruses and BRSV are the common reason of respiratory diseases in the region.




After four months of dealing with the pandemic, the city of São Paulo entered a phase of relaxed social-distancing measures in July 2020, and saw its social isolation rate fall at the same time as the number of cases, deaths, and hospital bed occupation declined. We use a calibrated multiagent model to describe these dynamics. We assert here that this phenomenon can be understood as the result of local protective bubbles formed in the city's sub-environments at the same time that there was an exhaustion of contagion networks. Both reduce the velocity of the virus's spread, causing temporary reductions in the epidemic curve, albeit in an unstable equilibrium. These local bubbles can burst anytime and anywhere due to the reintroduction of a few infected people at the same time that there is a reduction in non-pharmaceutical interventions (NPI), such as social-distancing practices. It is important to stress that this hypothesis aligns with the dynamics of the virus's spread observed so far, without needing ad hoc suppositions about natural collective immunity thresholds or heterogeneity in the population's transmission rate, which come with the risk of making mistaken predictions that may could lead to the loss of many lives. The safe way to move ahead is to continue doing all we can to avoid new infections until a vaccine is found that properly and safely creates herd immunity.




Lockdown measures to curb the spread of COVID-19 has brought the world economy on the brink of a recession. It is imperative that nations formulate administrative policies based on the changing economic landscape. In this work, we apply a statistical approach, called topic modeling, on text documents of job loss notices of 26 US states to identify the specific states and industrial sectors affected economically by this ongoing public health crisis. Our analysis reveals that there is a considerable incongruity in job loss patterns between the pre-and during-COVID timelines in several states and the recreational and philanthropic sectors register high job losses. It further shows that the interplay among several possible socioeconomic factors would lead to job losses in many sectors, while also creating new job opportunities in other sectors such as public service, pharmaceuticals and media, making the job loss trends a key indicator of the world economy. Finally, we compare the low income job loss rates against overall job losses due to COVID-19 in the US counties, and discuss the implications of press reports on reopening businesses and the unemployed workforce being absorbed by other sectors.




Introduction Medications are compounded when a formulation of a medication is needed but not commercially available. Regulatory oversight of compounding is piecemeal and compounding errors have resulted in patient harm. We review compounding in the United States (US), including a history of compounding, a critique of current regulatory oversight, and a systematic review of compounding errors recorded in the literature. Methods We gathered reports of compounding errors occurring in the US from 1990 to 2020 from PubMed, Embase, several relevant conference abstracts, and the US Food and Drug Administration ""Drug Alerts and Statements"" repository. We categorized reports into errors of ""contamination,"" suprapotency,"" and ""subpotency."" Errors were also subdivided by whether they resulted in morbidity and mortality. We reported demographic, medication, and outcome data where available. Results We screened 2155 reports and identified 63 errors. Twenty-one of 63 were errors of concentration, harming 36 patients. Twenty-seven of 63 were contamination errors, harming 1119 patients. Fifteen errors did not result in any identified harm. Discussion Compounding errors are attributed to contamination or concentration. Concentration errors predominantly result from compounding a prescription for a single patient, and disproportionately affect children. Contamination errors largely occur during bulk distribution of compounded medications for parenteral use, and affect more patients. The burden falls on the government, pharmacy industry, and medical providers to reduce the risk of patient harm caused by compounding errors. Conclusion In the US, drug compounding is important in ensuring access to vital medications, but has the potential to cause patient harm without adequate safeguards.




An important limitation of current assays for the detection of SARS-CoV-2 stems from their reliance on time-consuming, labor-intensive, and laboratory-based protocols for viral isolation, lysis, and removal of inhibiting materials. While RT-PCR remains the gold standard for performing clinical diagnostics to amplify the RNA sequences, there is an urgent need for alternative testing platforms that are rapid, accurate, simple, and portable. Here, we demonstrate isothermal RT-LAMP nucleic acid-based detection of SARS-CoV-2 with an additively manufactured cartridge and a smartphone-based instrument for testing that can be performed at the point of sample collection.




We performed a meta-analysis to determine safety and efficacy of corticosteroids in SARS-CoV-2, SARS-CoV, and MERS-CoV infections. We searched PubMed, Web of Science, Medline, WanFang Chinese database, and ZhiWang Chinese database using Boolean operators and search terms covering SARS-CoV-2, SARS-CoV, OR MERS-CoV AND corticosteroids to find appropriate studies. Review Manager 5.3 was used to analyze results of meta-analysis. Observational studies were analyzed for quality using the modified Newcastle-Ottawa scale and randomized clinical trials, using the Jadad scale. Subjects were divided into those with severe-only and other (severe and not severe) cohorts based on published criteria. Efficacy endpoints studied included mortality, hospitalization duration, rates of intensive care unit (ICU) admission, use of mechanical ventilation, and a composite endpoint (death, ICU admission, or mechanical ventilation). We included 11 reports including 10 cohort studies and 1 randomized clinical trial involving 5249 subjects (2003)(2004)(2005)(2006)(2007)(2008)(2009)(2010)(2011)(2012)(2013)(2014)(2015)(2016)(2017)(2018)(2019)(2020). Two discussed the association of corticosteroids and virus clearing and 10 explored how corticosteroids impacted mortality, hospitalization duration, use of mechanical ventilation, and a composite endpoint. Corticosteroid use was associated with delayed virus clearing with a mean difference (MD) = 3.78 days (95% confidence Interval [CI] = 1.16, 6.41 days; I 2 = 0%). There was no significant reduction in deaths with relative Risk Ratio (RR) = 1.07 (90% CI = 0.81; 1.42; I 2 = 80%). Hospitalization duration was prolonged and use of mechanical ventilation increased. In conclusion, corticosteroid use in subjects with SARS-CoV-2, SARS-CoV, and MERS-CoV infections delayed virus clearing and did not convincingly improve survival, reduce hospitalization duration or ICU admission rate and/or use of mechanical ventilation. There were several adverse effects. Because of a preponderance of observational studies in the dataset and selection and publication biases our conclusions, especially regarding SARS-CoV-2, need confirmation in a randomized clinical trial. In the interim we suggest caution using corticosteroids in persons with COVID-19.




We describe the CNS neuropathological findings detected in 10 individuals who died of SARS-CoV-2 related respiratory failure (lung histopathologic features of eight cases were reported by Damiani et al. [2]) in absence of specific neurological symptoms. SARS-CoV-2 RNA was searched by real-time PCR analysis in formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded (FFPE) specimens. Detailed materials and methods, clinical data (Table 1) and neuropathological results (Table 2) are reported in the Supplementary files.This article is protected by copyright. All rights reserved SARS-CoV-2 RNA was present in the olfactory nerve and brain tissue of one (of 10 tested) patients (case 1). In this patient olfactory bulb neurons, olfactory tract and brain tissue did not show any specific histological change suggestive of direct viral damage (Fig. 1A) . The SARS-CoV-2-RNA positive case presented several comorbidities, had the shortest disease course (death occurred 6 days only after the symptoms onset) and showed viral involvement of kidney, liver and heart in addition to brain and lungs, thus suggesting haematogenous spread.On macroscopic examination, all cases presented an oedematous brain surface with widened gyri, flattened surface, narrowed sulci and meningeal congestion. Brain weight ranged from 1300 to 1870 g. (mean 1560 g.). In two cases bilateral uncal herniation was identified (cases 5, 6). Areas of cerebral infarction were present in three cases (cases 1, 2, 3). Meninges were grossly congested: purulent accumulation on the leptomeningeal vault was observed in case 8 whereas focal subarachnoid haemorrhage was identified in case 9.On histology, all cases presented intraparenchymal intravascular microthrombi ( Fig. 1B) with focal microscopic (usually 1-2 mm in size) cortical or deep-seated (located in the basal ganglia and through the brainstem) recent infarcts (Fig. 1C) . Small blood vessels ectasia, perivascular oedema, perivascular micro-haemorrhages and scattered hemosiderin-laden macrophages were also noticed ( Fig. 1D, 1E ). Necrotic blood vessels or perivascular inflammation were not identified.Immunohistochemical analysis (CD20, CD3, CD4, CD8, CD68) did not highlight lymphocytic or macrophage accumulation. Only case 4 showed a mild perivascular T-lymphocytic infiltration CD3+ ( Fig. 1F ) more evident in the leptomeninges. Luxol Fast Blue and immunohistochemical staining for neurofilaments demonstrated only a slight perivascular myelin reduction with no clear evidence of axonal injury. Activation of microglia and astrocytes was noticed mainly in the brainstem (Fig. 1G ).No microglial nodules or evidence of neuronophagia were present. Intravascular microthrombi and multiple infarcts are in keeping with the hypercoagulable state of SARS-CoV-2 infected patients [1] leading to large and small vessels thrombosis. Our data, together with previously published data, indicate that most likely the same pathogenetic events may occur in CNS SARS-CoV-2 related injuries.This article is protected by copyright. All rights reserved Ischemic red neurons were present through the hippocampal CA1 region, the para-hippocampal region (case 10) and the cerebellar Purkinje cells, consistent with global ischemic injury. Also the brainstem showed, in addition to microthrombi and ischemic damage, reactive gliosis and microglial activation most likely due to preterminal hypoxic-ischemic injury. These data, consistent with those of Jensen et al [4] , Kantonen et al [5] and Solomon et al [8], suggest that the hypoxic-ischemic general condition, related to the respiratory failure, may indeed be worsened by the consequent brainstem damage appearing as a final event [6].Bacterial superinfection was histologically suspected in two cases (cases 8, 9): leptomeningeal thrombi composed of dense fibrin with neutrophils were detected (Fig. Fig. 1H, 1I ).Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Candida albicans, Staphylococcus capitis, Staphylococcus aureus and Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) were respectively isolated in bronchoalveolar lavage fluid and from blood cultures. Infective meningoencephalitis has been well-documented as a complication during SARS-CoV-2 infection [7]. In the remaining cases leptomeningeal vascular congestions was seen. The leptomeningeal vascular alterations detected in the present cases, are consistent with the findings described by Helms et al. who detected, on Magnetic Resonance Imaging, leptomeningeal spaces enhancement in 8/13 patients and bilateral frontal hypoperfusion in 11 patients [3]. Furthermore, in Helms et al series, three asymptomatic patients presented small acute or subacute-ischemic strokes [3].The present study has some limitations, including the small sample size and the absence of premortem specific neurologic symptoms. In addition, autopsies were not consecutive, but performed on cases that experienced an unexpectedly fatal course. Therefore, data shown here may not reflect the pathologic involvement of all SARS-CoV-2 infected patients. Nevertheless, in spite of these limitations, this study supports the hypothesis formulated by Romoli et al [9] that SARS-CoV-2 related brain injury maybe the consequence of several pathogenetic mechanisms in addition to direct viral damage. Furthermore, brain lesions were present even in absence of specific neurological symptoms. Therefore, it is possible that brain involvement is an underestimated feature in SARS-CoV-2 infected patients.





Interferons (IFNs) induce the expression of hundreds of genes as part of an elaborate antimicrobial programme designed to combat infection in all nucleated cells -a process termed cellautonomous immunity. As described in this Review, recent genomic and subgenomic analyses have begun to assign functional properties to novel IFN-inducible effector proteins that restrict bacteria, protozoa and viruses in different subcellular compartments and at different stages of the pathogen life cycle. Several newly described host defence factors also participate in canonical oxidative and autophagic pathways by spatially coordinating their activities to enhance microbial killing. Together, these IFN-induced effector networks help to confer vertebrate host resistance to a vast and complex microbial world.




Among the common flaviviruses that infect humans, Zika virus, and the contemporary Asian strain in particular, is distinctively associated with microcephaly. Zeng et al. (2020) report in this issue of Cell Stem Cell that strong binding and inhibition of human Dicer enzyme by the capsid protein is a potential mechanism for this unique pathogenic potential.





In this paper, we introduce a new control-theoretic paradigm for mitigating the spread of a virus. To this end, our discrete-time controller, aims to reduce the number of new daily deaths, and consequently, the cumulative number of deaths. In contrast to much of the existing literature, we do not rely on a potentially complex virus transmission model whose equations must be customized to the ""particulars"" of the pandemic at hand. For new viruses such as Covid-19, the epidemiology driving the modelling process may not be well known and model estimation with limited data may be unreliable. With this motivation in mind, the new paradigm described here is data-driven and, to a large extent, we avoid modelling difficulties by concentrating on just two key quantities which are common to pandemics: the doubling time, denoted by d(k) and the peak day denoted by θ(k). Our numerical studies to date suggest that our appealingly simple model can provide a reasonable fit to real data. Given that time is of the essence during the ongoing global health crisis, the intent of this paper is to introduce this new paradigm to control practitioners and describe a number of new research directions suggested by our current results.







Background: Individuals' stress in responding to the current COVID-19 pandemic may be exacerbated by information uncertainty driven by inconsistent, unverified, and conflicting news from various sources. The current study aims to test if information uncertainty during the COVID-19 outbreak was related to acute stress disorder (ASD) over and above other psychosocial stressors. Methods: An anonymous online survey was conducted with 7800 college students throughout China from January 31 through February 11, 2020. Existing scales were modified to measure ASD and six potential stressors including information uncertainty during the COVID-19 outbreak. Hierarchical regression analysis was conducted to assess the unique association of information uncertainty with ASD. To minimize the effect of large sample size and also to get a sense of whether the effects of information uncertainty were similar to people at the center of the epidemic, we repeated the hierarchical regression among 10% of the students who were randomly selected from the entire sample (""10% random sample""; n = 780) and 226 students from Hubei Province where the outbreak started. Results: Information uncertainty was highly prevalent among the respondents (64%). It was significantly associated with ASD beyond other key variables and potential stressors across three samples. In the hierarchical regression among the entire sample, demographic variables accounted for 9.4% of the variance in ASD. The other five stressors added 5.1% of the variance. The information uncertainty (β = .159; p < .001) explained an additional 2.1% of the variance. Likewise, the information uncertainty explained an additional 2.1 and 3.4% of the variance in ASD beyond all other variables among the 10% random sample (β = .165; p < .001) and the Hubei sample (β = .196; p < .01), respectively.(Continued on next page) Conclusion: Information uncertainty is a unique correlate of psychological stress during the COVID-19 outbreak. Reducing information uncertainty is essential not only for halting virus transmission but also for mitigating negative impacts of the pandemic on people's psychosocial wellbeing. Transparent, timely, and accurate communication can reduce public confusion, fear, and stress. Capacity building in governments, communities, and media outlets to prevent, reduce and manage information uncertainty should be a critical part of the response to an emerging global health crisis such as the COVID-19 pandemic.





We presented two cases of COVID-19 associated SARS-CoV-2 infection during third trimester of pregnancy. Both mothers and newborns had excellent outcomes. We failed to identify SARS-CoV-2 in all the products of conception and the newborns. This report provided evidence of low risk of intrauterine infection by vertical transmission of SARS-CoV-2.




Equine arteritis virus (EAV) is the causative agent of equine viral arteritis (EVA), a respiratory, systemic, and reproductive disease of horses and other equid species. Following natural infection, 10-70% of the infected stallions can become persistently infected and continue to shed EAV in their semen for periods ranging from several months to life. Recently, we reported that some stallions possess a subpopulation(s) of CD3 + T lymphocytes that are susceptible to in vitro EAV infection and that this phenotypic trait is associated with longterm carrier status following exposure to the virus. In contrast, stallions not possessing the CD3 + T lymphocyte susceptible phenotype are at less risk of becoming long-term virus carriers. A genome wide association study (GWAS) using the Illumina Equine SNP50 chip revealed that the ability of EAV to infect CD3 +




OPEN ACCESS Citation: Amarasinghe A, Abdul-Cader MS, Nazir S, De Silva Senapathi U, van der Meer F, Cork SC, et al. (2017) Infectious bronchitis corona virus establishes productive infection in avian macrophages interfering with selected antimicrobial functions. PLoS ONE 12(8): e0181801. https://doi.org/10.




Herein we report a description of gross and microscopic lesions found in specific pathogen-free chicken embryos caused by UNAM-97 infectious bronchitis virus (IBV) variant strain after the eighth passage. Embryos were divided into three groups and were inoculated in the chorioallantoic sac with 0.2 mL of UNAM-97, Mass 41 IBV (positive control), or sterile PBS (negative control). Forty-eight hours later the allatoic fluid was taken and used to start a cycle of eight passages through 9d-old embryos. Seven days after the last passage, embryos were harvested and macroscopic lesions in all organs were recorded. Proventriculus and gizzard samples were obtained from all embryos and routinely processed for microscopic and ultrastructural examinations. The UNAM-97 IBV variant strain caused two macroscopic (




A number of projects (myGrid, BioMOBY, etc.) have recently been initiated in order to organise emerging bioinformatics Web Services and provide their semantic descriptions. They typically rely on manual curation efforts. In this paper we focus on a semi-automated approach to mine semantic descriptions from the bioinformatics literature. The method combines terminological processing and dependency parsing of journal articles, and applies information extraction techniques to profile Web services using informative textual passages, related ontological annotations and service descriptors. Service descriptors are terminological phrases reflecting related concepts (e.g. tasks, approaches, data) and/or specific roles (e.g. input/output parameters, etc.) of the associated resource classes (e.g. algorithms, databases, etc.). They can be used to facilitate subsequent manual description of services, but also for providing a semantic synopsis of a service that can be used to locate related services. We present a case-study involving full text articles from the BMC Bioinformatics journal. We illustrate the potential of natural language processing not only for mining descriptions of known services, but also for discovering new services that have been described in the literature.




The most recent Ebola outbreak in West Africa highlighted critical weaknesses in the medical infrastructure of the affected countries, including effective diagnostics tools, sufficient isolation wards, and enough medical personnel. Here, we develop and analyze a mathematical model to assess the impact of early diagnosis of pre-symptomatic individuals on the transmission dynamics of Ebola virus disease in West Africa in scenarios where Ebola may remain at low levels in the population. Our findings highlight 1 arXiv:1511.04027v1 [q-bio.PE] 6 Nov 2015 the importance of implementing integrated control measures of early diagnosis andisolation. The mathematical analysis shows a threshold where early diagnosis of presymptomatic individuals, combined with a sufficient level of effective isolation, can lead to an epidemic control of Ebola virus disease. That is, the local erradication of the disease or the effective management of the disease at low levels of endemicity.




 We compared the antiviral effect of LPV/r and HCQ in patients with mild-tomoderate COVID-19 using a large sample size health insurance database  SARS-CoV-2 viral shedding duration was similar between HCQ and LPV/r groups. Neither HCQ nor LPV/r monotherapy showed any benefit in improving viral clearance compared with the control group.AbstractWe aimed to compare the antiviral effect of hydroxychloroquine (HCQ) and lopinavir/ritonavir (LPV/r) in patients with COVID-19.Nationwide retrospective case-control study was conducted to compare the effect of HCQ and LPV/r on viral shedding duration among patients with mild-to-moderate COVID-19 using the reimbursement data of National Health Insurance Service. After propensity score matching (PSM), multivariate analysis was conducted to determine statistically significant risk factors J o u r n a l P r e -p r o o f 3 associated with prolonged viral shedding.Overall, 4,197 patients with mild-to-moderate COVID-19 were included. Patients were categorized into three groups: LPV/r (n=1,268), HCQ (n=801), and standard care without HCQ or LPV/r (controls, n=2128). The median viral shedding duration was 23 (IQR 17-32), 23 (IQR 16-32), and 18 (IQR 12-25) days in the LPV/r, HCQ, and control groups, respectively. Even after PSM, the viral shedding duration was not significantly different between LPV/r and HCQ groups: 23 (IQR, 17-32) days versus 23 (IQR, 16-32) days. On multivariate analysis, old age, malignancy, steroid use, and concomitant pneumonia were statistically significant risk factors for prolonged viral shedding.The viral shedding duration was similar between HCQ and LPV/r treatment groups. There was no benefit in improving viral clearance compared to the control group.




In past decades, interdisciplinary research has been of great interest for scholars. Thiazolidine motifs behave as a bridge between organic synthesis and medicinal chemistry and compel researchers to explore new drug candidates. Thiazolidine motifs are very intriguing heterocyclic five-membered moieties present in diverse natural and bioactive compounds having sulfur at the first position and nitrogen at the third position. The presence of sulfur enhances their pharmacological properties, and, therefore, they are used as vehicles in the synthesis of valuable organic combinations. They show varied biological properties viz. anticancer, anticonvulsant, antimicrobial, anti-inflammatory, neuroprotective, antioxidant activity and so on. This diversity in the biological response makes it a highly prized moiety. Based on literature studies, various synthetic approaches like multicomponent reaction, click reaction, nano-catalysis and green chemistry have been employed to improve their selectivity, purity, product yield and pharmacokinetic activity. In this review article, we have summarized systematic approaches for the synthesis of thiazolidine and its derivatives, along with their pharmacological activity, including advantages of green synthesis, atom economy, cleaner reaction profile and catalyst recovery which will help scientists to probe and stimulate the study of these scaffolds.• Thiazolidine derivatives have diverse therapeutic and pharmaceutical activity and are used in probe design. • The novel synthesis of thiazolidine derivatives using various agents is discussed with respect to yield, purity, selectivity and pharmacokinetic activity. • The accessible clinical applications in various biological targets are critically reviewed. • These data provide useful information for designing next-generation drug candidates. • Developing multifunctional drugs and improving their activity should be a focus of research.




Publisher's Note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.




Cell fusion is an approach for combining genetic and epigenetic information between two different types of cells. Electrofusion for generating hybrid cells between mouse embryonic stem cells and somatic cells, which is a type of nonchemically induced and nonvirus-mediated cell fusion, is introduced here as a highly effective, reproducible, and biomedically safe in vitro system. Under optimized electrofusion conditions, cells are aligned and form pearl chains between electrodes in response to AC pulse stimulation, and subsequently adjacent cytoplasmic membranes are fused by DC pulse stimulation. Hybrid cells survive as drug-resistant colonies in selection medium. Cell fusion is a technique that is applied widely in the life sciences. A recent topic of great interest in the field of stem cell research is the successful production of cloned animals via epigenetic reprogramming of somatic nuclei. Interestingly, nuclear reprogramming for conferring pluripotency on somatic nuclei also occurs via cell fusion between pluripotential stem cells and somatic cells. Furthermore, it has been shown that spontaneous cell fusion contributes to generating the intrinsic plasticity of tissue stem cells. Cell fusion technology may make important contributions to the fields of regenerative medicine and epigenetic reprogramming.






The massive amount of biomedical information published online requires the development of automatic knowledge discovery technologies to effectively make use of this available content. To foster and support this, the research community creates linguistic resources, such as annotated corpora, and designs shared evaluation campaigns and academic competitive challenges. This work describes an ecosystem that facilitates research and development in knowledge discovery in the biomedical domain, specifically in Spanish language. To this end, several resources are developed and shared with the research community, including a novel semantic annotation model, an annotated corpus of 1,045 sentences, and computational resources to build and evaluate automatic knowledge discovery techniques. Furthermore, a research task is defined with objective evaluation criteria, and an online evaluation environment is setup and maintained, enabling researchers interested in this task to obtain immediate feedback and compare their results with the state-of-the-art. As a case study, we analyze the results of a competitive challenge based on these resources and provide guidelines for future research. The constructed ecosystem provides an effective learning and evaluation environment to encourage research in knowledge discovery in Spanish biomedical documents.




The Coronavirus disease due to SARS-CoV-2 emerged in Wuhan city, China in December 2109 and rapidly spread to more than 200 countries as a global health pandemic. There are more than 2.3 million confirmed cases and around 165,000 fatalities. The primary manifestation is respiratory and cardiac but neurological features are also being reported in the literature as case reports and case series. The most common reported symptoms to include headache and dizziness followed by encephalopathy and delirium. Among the complications noted are Cerebrovascular accident, Guillian barre syndrome, acute transverse myelitis, and acute encephalitis.The most common peripheral manifestation was hyposmia. It is further noted that sometimes the neurological manifestations can precede the typical features like fever and cough and later on typical manifestations develop in these patients. Hence a high index of suspicion is required for timely diagnosis and isolation of cases to prevent the spread in neurology wards. We present a narrative review of the neurological manifestations and complications of COVID-19. Our aim is to update the neurologists and physicians working with suspected cases of COVID-19 about the possible neurological presentations and the probable neurological complications resulting from this novel virus infection.




Acknowledgements: None. months of uninterrupted radiation oncology clinical operation through the worst of the Wuhan outbreak, no known COVID-19 infection occurred at our radiotherapy center to our patients or employees. This report may provide valuable information for other radiation oncology departments during this unprecedented public health crisis.




In den vergangenen Jahren hat Russland sein Engagement in Asien verstärkt, die Wende nach Osten wird gar als strategische Neuausrichtung des Landes diskutiert. Abseits der Rhetorik zeigt sich jedoch eine durchwachsene Bilanz. Nicht nur die Wirtschaftsaußenpolitik läuft mit ihrem Fokus auf Energie-und Rüstungsprojekte Gefahr, jene Strukturen zu reproduzieren, die Russlands außenpolitische Handlungsspielräume und ökonomische Entwicklung in der Vergangenheit eher behindert denn befördert haben. Auch der einstweilen erfolgreiche Ausbau des sicherheitspolitischen Engagements in Asien steht vor der Herausforderung, die sich abzeichnende Abhängigkeit gegenüber China zu gestalten.Schlüsselwörter Russland · Asien · Wirtschaftspolitik · Außenpolitik · Grand StrategyAbstract In recent years Russia has intensified its engagement in Asia. The Turn to the East is even being discussed as a strategic reorientation of the country. Apart from the rhetoric, however, the results are mixed. Russia's foreign economic policy, with its focus on energy and armaments projects, runs the risk of reproducing the very structures that have limited the country's foreign policy options and hin-




In diesem Artikel soll eine Aktion beschrieben werden, die eine ärmere Gemeinde am Rande der Stadt Porto Alegre in Brasilien während der COVID-19-Pandemie entwickelt hat. Wir analysieren die ergriffenen Maßnahmen, die Reaktionen der Menschen, die daran beteiligt waren, und einige Fragen, die in dieser Zeit aufgeworfen wurden. Zu diesem Zweck haben wir den Text wie folgt organisiert: Wir beginnen mit einer kurzen Einführung, in der wir die Gemeinde Morro da Cruz vorstellen, um danach einige ihrer früheren Erfahrungen mit ""Public Policies"" und mit Aktivitäten von nichtstaatlichen Organisationen zu rekonstruieren. Diese Erfahrungen erklären, wie sich ein solidarisches Zugehörigkeitsgefühl als Gemeinde, Formen interner Selbstorganisation und eine angehende Vertrautheit mit neuen Technologien entwickeln konnten, welche sich dann in der Krise bewährt haben. Anschließend schildern wir eine Sofortmaßnahme, welche in den ersten Monaten der Quarantäne durchgeführt wurde. Auf Initiativen der lokalen NGO (Nichtregierungsorganisation) Coletivo Autônomo Morro da Cruz konnte sowohl die Gemeinde als auch Unterstützung darüber hinaus mobilisiert werden, um die dringendste Not zu lindern. Äußerungen der Einwohner*innen während der Aktion haben uns dazu veranlasst, abschließend die Frage nach den vielen Gesichtern der Armut, die sich nicht mit Wirtschaftsindikatoren darstellen lassen, kurz aufzugreifen.Schlüsselwörter Nothilfe · Leben in Armut · Städtische Peripherie · Lokale Organisationen · Brasilien L. Scalco ( ) Rua Professor Milton Guerreiro, 270 casa 2, 90850-350 Porto Alegre, RS, Brasilien Abstract In this article, we describe a campaign that was developed with a poorer community on the periphery of the city of Porto Alegre in Brazil during the COVID-19 pandemic. We analyze the actions taken, the reactions of the people involved in it, and some of the questions that have been raised during this period. For this purpose, the text has been organized as follows: We start with a short introduction on the Morro da Cruz community and then reconstruct some of its earlier experiences with public policies and the activities of nongovernmental organizations (NGO). We then present an emergency aid campaign that was carried out in the first months of the COVID-19 pandemic crisis in Brazil. On the initiative of the NGO Coletivo Autônomo Morro da Cruz, both the local community and external solidarity were mobilized to alleviate the most urgent needs, whereby community solidarity, forms of internal self-organization and budding familiarity with new technologies proved valuable in the crisis. Based on statements of residents during the campaign, we conclude by briefly addressing the question of the many faces of poverty that cannot be represented by economic indicators.




This paper provides the first estimates of the pass-through rate of the ongoing temporary value-added tax (VAT) reduction, which is part of the German fiscal response to COVID-19. Using a unique dataset containing the universe of price changes at fuel stations in Germany and France in June and July 2020, we employ a difference-in-differences strategy and find that pass-through is fast and substantial but remains incomplete for all fuel types. Furthermore, we find a high degree of heterogeneity between the pass-through estimates for different fuel types. Our results are consistent with the interpretation that pass-through rates are higher for customer groups who are more likely to exert competitive pressure by shopping for lower prices. Our results have important implications for the effectiveness of the stimulus measure and the cost-effective design of unconventional fiscal policy.




Rapid aviation commercialisation and upsurge in worldwide affluence created a new avenue for disease proliferation across countries at an unprecedented rate. Epidemic and pandemic occurrences over the last decade demonstrate airports' role in disease transmission; while also exhibiting their importance as containment nodes. Tremendous amount of resources and effort are necessary to achieve the latter but inevitably, disrupt normal operations. The contrasting objectives between public health authorities and airport authorities result in compromising measures for both parties. Broadly similar controlling measures were adopted by various airports during outbreaks in the last decade. Their effectiveness have been analysed in terms of disease control; economic impact to airports were, however, not quantified. This paper concludes that more efficient airport pandemic control plans cause less severe economic impact on airports during pandemic and recommends a streamlined approach that improves overall effect of pandemic control while minimising economic impacts to airport businesses.




Vaccines represent the discovery of utmost importance for global health, due to both prophylactic action to prevent infections and therapeutic intervention in neoplastic diseases. Despite this, current vaccination strategies need to be refined to successfully generate robust protective antigen-specific memory immune responses. To address this issue, one possibility is to exploit the high efficiency of dendritic cells (DCs) as antigen-presenting cells for T cell priming. DCs functional plasticity allows shaping the outcome of immune responses to achieve the required type of immunity. Therefore, the choice of adjuvants to guide and sustain DCs maturation, the design of multifaceted vehicles, and the choice of surface molecules to specifically target DCs represent the key issues currently explored in both preclinical and clinical settings. Here, we review advances in DCs-based vaccination approaches, which exploit direct in vivo DCs targeting and activation options. We also discuss the recent findings for efficient antitumor DCs-based vaccinations and combination strategies to reduce the immune tolerance promoted by the tumor microenvironment.FiGURe 1 | Dendritic cells (DCs) readapted taxonomy. Newly identified populations of blood human DCs are shown. DC1 subset is clearly distinct by the expression of CLEC9A, and it is specialized in cross-presentation of ags. DC2 and DC3 constitute the conventional DCs pool, even though they appear to be phenotypically slightly different and, upon stimulation with TLR ligands, their diversity emerges. DC4 is a population characterized by an upregulated Type I Interferon pathway for antiviral responses. DC5 has emerged as a new population whose specific functions are still unexplored. DC6 corresponds to the classic plasmacytoid DCs. These advances in the fine characterization of DCs in humans may shed light on the best subset to be targeted to incentivize the desired immune response.





The novel coronavirus has become a global pandemic outbreak. Patients with COVID-19 are prone to progress to acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS), and even severe ARDS with ineffective mechanical ventilation, and an extremely high mortality. Extracorporeal membrane oxygenation (ECMO) provides effective respiratory support and saves time for the treatment of severe COVID-19. The present study reports that a 31-year-old pregnant female infected by COVID-19, who suffered from fever, dyspnea, and rapid ARDS. The patient's pulmonary function gradually recovered by combining early mechanical ventilation and ECMO, and finally, this patient was successfully weaned from ECMO and the ventilator. No fibrosis lesions were found in the chest CT, and the patient recovered very well after leaving from the hospital for one month.





2 Provide a structured summary including, as applicable: background; objectives; data sources; study eligibility criteria, participants, and interventions; study appraisal and synthesis methods; results; limitations; conclusions and implications of key findings; systematic review registration number.




All the authors have approved the submitted material Keywords: SARS-CoV-2; COVID-19; anti-infective agents; anti-viral agent; antibiotic agent; anti-parasitic agent Many examples of scientific accomplishments related to severe infectious diseases have been reported over the past decades. The HIV pandemic provides an illustration of the process for J o u r n a l P r e -p r o o f




Background The management of the COVID-19 pandemic is hampered by long delays associated with centralised laboratory PCR testing. In hospitals, these delays lead to poor patient flow and nosocomial transmission. Rapid, accurate tests are therefore urgently needed in preparation for the next wave of the pandemic.We did a prospective, interventional, non-randomised, controlled study of molecular point-of-care testing in patients aged 18 years or older presenting with suspected COVID-19 to the emergency department or other acute areas of Southampton General Hospital during the first wave of the pandemic in the UK. Nose and throat swab samples taken at admission from patients in the point-of-care testing group were tested with the QIAstat-Dx Respiratory SARS-CoV-2 Panel. Samples taken from patients in a contemporaneous control group were tested by laboratory PCR. The primary outcome was time to results in the full cohort. This study is registered with ISRCTN (ISRCTN14966673) and is completed. Findings Between March 20 and April 29, 2020, 517 patients were assessed for eligibility, of whom 499 were recruited to the point-of-care testing group and tested by the QIAstat-Dx Respiratory SARS-CoV-2 Panel. 555 contemporaneously identified patients were included in the control group and tested by laboratory PCR. The two groups were similar with regard to the distribution of sex, age, and ethnicity. 197 (39%) patients in the point-of-care testing group and 155 (28%) in the control group tested positive for COVID-19 (difference 11·5% [95% CI 5·8-17·2], p=0·0001). Median time to results was 1·7 h (IQR 1·6-1·9) in the point-of-care testing group and 21·3 h (16·0-27·9) in the control group (difference 19·6 h [19·0-20·3], p<0·0001). A Cox proportional hazards regression model controlling for age, sex, time of presentation, and severity of illness also showed that time to results was significantly shorter in the point-of-care testing group than in the control group (hazard ratio 4023 [95% CI 545-29 696], p<0·0001).Interpretation Point-of-care testing is associated with large reductions in time to results and could lead to improvements in infection control measures and patient flow compared with centralised laboratory PCR testing.Funding University Hospitals Southampton NHS Foundation Trust.




The syndrome of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) consists of chronic bronchitis (CB), bronchiectasis, emphysema, and reversible airway disease that combine uniquely in an individual patient. Older patients are at risk for COPD and its componentsFemphysema, CB, and bronchiectasis. Bacterial and viral infections play a role in acute exacerbations of COPD (AECOPD) and in acute exacerbations of CB (AECB) without features of COPD. Older patients are at risk for resistant bacterial organisms during their episodes of AECOPD and AECB. Organisms include the more-common bacteria implicated in AECOPD/ AECB such as Haemophilus influenzae, Moraxella catarrhalis, and Streptococcus pneumoniae. Less-common nonenteric, gram-negative organisms including Pseudomonas aeruginosa, gram-positive organisms including Staphylococcus aureus, and strains of nontuberculosis Mycobacteria are more often seen in AECOPD/AECB episodes involving elderly patients with frequent episodes of CB or those with bronchiectasis. Risk-stratified antibiotic treatment guidelines appear useful for purulent episodes of AECOPD and episodes of AECB. These guidelines have not been prospectively validated for the general population and especially not for the elderly population. Using a risk-stratification approach for elderly patients, first-line antibiotics (e.g., amoxicillin, ampicillin, pivampicillin, trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole, and doxycycline), with a more-limited spectrum of antibacterial coverage, are used in patients who are likely to have a low probability of resistant organisms during AECOPD/AECB. Second-line antibiotics (e.g., amoxicillin/clavulanic acid, second-or third-generation cephalosporins, and respiratory fluoroquinolones) with a broader spectrum of coverage are reserved for patients with significant risk factors for resistant organisms and those who have failed initial antibiotic treatment. J Am Geriatr Soc 58:570-579, 2010.





Objective: Coronavirus disease 2019 is currently the most serious infectious disease in the world. An accurate diagnosis of this disease in the clinic is very important. This study aims to improve the differential ability of computed tomography (CT) to diagnose COVID-19 and other community-acquired pneumonias (CAPs) and evaluate the short-term prognosis of these patients. Methods: The clinical and imaging data of 165 COVID-19 and 118 CAP patients diagnosed in seven hospitals in Anhui Province, China from January 21 to February 28, 2020 were retrospectively analysed. The CT manifestations of the two groups were recorded and compared. A correlation analysis was used to examine the relationship between COVID-19 and age, size of lung lesions, number of involved lobes, and CT findings of patients. The factors that were helpful in diagnosing the two groups of patients were identified based on specificity and sensitivity.Results: The typical CT findings of COVID-19 are simple ground-glass opacities (GGO), GGO with consolidation or grid-like changes. The sensitivity and specificity of the combination of age, white blood cell count, and groundglass opacity in the diagnosis of COVID-19 were 92.7 and 66.1%, respectively. Pulmonary consolidation, fibrous cords, and bronchial wall thickening were used as indicators to exclude COVID-19. The sensitivity and specificity of the combination of these findings were 78.0 and 63.6%, respectively. The follow-up results showed that 67.8% (112/ 165) of COVID-19 patients had abnormal changes in their lung parameters, and the severity of the pulmonary sequelae of patients over 60 years of age worsened with age. Conclusions: Age, white blood cell count and ground-glass opacity have high accuracy in the early diagnosis of COVID-19 and the differential diagnosis from CAP. Patients aged over 60 years with COVID-19 have a poor prognosis. This result provides certain significant guidance for the diagnosis and treatment of new coronavirus pneumonia.




As of September 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic continues to devastate the health and well-being of the global population. With more than 33 million confirmed cases and over a million deaths, global health organizations are still a long way from fully containing the pandemic. This pandemic has raised serious questions about the emergency preparedness of health agencies, not only in terms of treatment of an unseen disease, but also in identifying its early symptoms. In the particular case of COVID-19, several studies have indicated that chest radiography images of the infected patients show characteristic abnormalities. However, at the onset of a given pandemic, such as COVID-19, there may not be sufficient data for the affected cases to train models for their robust detection. Hence, supervised classification is ill-posed for this problem because the time spent in collecting large amounts of infected peoples' data could lead to the loss of human lives and delays in preventive interventions. Therefore, we formulate this problem within a one-class classification framework, in which the data for healthy patients is abundantly available, whereas no training data is present for the class of interest (COVID-19 in our case). To solve this problem, we present COVIDomaly, a convolutional autoencoder framework to detect unseen COVID-19 cases from the chest radiographs. We tested two settings on a publicly available dataset (COVIDx) by training the model on chest X-rays from (i) only healthy adults, and (ii) healthy and other non-COVID-19 pneumonia, and detected COVID-19 as an anomaly. After performing 3-fold cross validation, we obtain a pooled ROC-AUC of 0.7652 and 0.6902 in the two settings respectively. These results are very encouraging and pave the way towards research for ensuring emergency preparedness in future pandemics, especially the ones that could be detected from chest X-rays.




The enigma that is factor VIII immunogenicity remains ever pertinent in the treatment of hemophilia A. Development of neutralizing antibodies against the therapeutic protein in 25-30% of patients likely depends on the appropriate activation of the innate immune response shortly following antigen encounter. Our understanding of this important immunological synapse remains ill-defined. In this review, we examine the three distinct factors contributing to the fate of factor VIII almost immediately after infusion: the characteristics of the protein, the cell, and the microenvironment. We propose a continuum between clearance and antigen presentation that facilitates removal of FVIII from circulation leading to either tolerance or immunity.




Our main objective is the compressed enumeration (based on wildcards) of all minimal hitting sets of general hypergraphs. To the author's best knowledge the only previous attempt towards compression, due to Toda [T], is based on BDD's and much different from our techniques. Preliminary numerical experiments show that traditional one-by-one enumeration schemes cannot compete against compressed enumeration when the degree of compression is high. Despite the fact that thorough numerical experiments are postponed to a later version of our article, several tools to enhance compression (inclusion-exclusion, a matroid theorem of Rado, or adding dual kinds of wildcards) are put in place and their pros and cons are evaluated.Nevertheless, classic one-by-one enumeration is not neglected. Corollary 2 states that under mild provisos all perfect matchings of a graph can be enumerated in polynomial total time. Likewise all minimal edge-covers of a graph (Corollary 6). Furthermore, enumerating all minimal hypergraph transversals is fixed-parameter tractable for novel types of parameters (Corollary 5 and 4.6.3). Exact hitting sets constitute only a 'side show' but we start with them by pedagogical reasons: Our wildcard method is more clear-cut for exact hitting sets than for minimal hitting sets. arXiv:2008.08996v1 [math.CO] 





Reading is a crucial skill in the 21st century. Thus, scaffolding text comprehension by automatically generated questions may greatly profit learners. Yet, the state-of-the-art methods for automatic question generation, answer-aware neural question generators (NQGs), are rarely seen in the educational domain. Hence, we investigate the quality of questions generated by a novel approach comprising an answer-aware NQG and two novel answer candidate selection strategies based on semantic graph matching. In median, the approach generates clear, answerable and useful factual questions outperforming an answer-unaware NQG on educational datasets as shown by automatic and human evaluation. Furthermore, we analyze the types of questions generated, showing that the question types differ across answer selection strategies yet remain factual.




Admissions to hospital have declined markedly during the COVID-19 pandemic in Australia. This may be due to patients not presenting with acute illness or managing their chronic illness at home. We reviewed a cohort admitted to the Acute Medical Unit of the Royal Melbourne Hospital during and before the pandemic and found admissions were more acutely unwell and more comorbid. This may lead to worse outcomes for those not presenting, as well as those presenting late. We recommend a public health campaign to encourage Australians to present to hospital if unwell.




Journal Pre-proof J o u r n a l P r e -p r o o f




ISG15 is a ubiquitin-like modifi er that is expressed in response to type 1 interferon signaling (IFN-α / β ) and plays a role in antiviral responses. The core E1, E2, and E3 enzymes for ISG15 are Ube1L, UbcH8, and Herc5, respectively, and these are all also induced at the transcriptional level by IFN-α / β . We recently showed that Herc5 associates with polysomes and modifi es target proteins in a cotranslational manner. Here, we describe the expression of the core conjugating enzymes in human cells, the detection of ISG15 conjugates, and the methods for fractionation of Herc5 with polysomes.




African countries continue to be prone to drought, caused mainly by unfavorable weather patterns and climatic variations which have an adverse impact on rural households and agricultural production. This literature review article accounted for the aforesaid drawbacks and attempted to assess the effect of drought on food insecurity in African countries. This article further sought to dissect the resilience and climate change adaptation strategies applied by African countries to mitigate the adverse effects of drought on food insecurity in rural livelihoods. The hermeneutic framework was adopted in this study, where the secondary data sources were searched from credible bibliographic and multidisciplinary databases and organizational websites. Thereafter, it was classified, mapped, and critically assessed using the qualitative data analysis software NVivo to generate patterns and themes. The NVivo program is a qualitative data analysis software package produced by QSR International and which helps qualitative researchers to organize, analyze, and find insights in qualitative data; for example, in journal articles where multilayered analysis on small or large volumes of data are required. This article has the potential to contribute in theory, concept, policy, and practice regarding best practices, resilience, and climate change adaptation strategies that can be harnessed by rural people. Furthermore, this article has the potential to shed light on the role played by traditional leadership and policy improvements in ensuring there is sufficient food during periods of drought.





Accurate predictions in subsurface flows require the forecasting of quantities of interest by applying models of subsurface fluid flow with very little available data. In general a Bayesian statistical approach along with a Markov Chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) algorithm can be used for quantifying the uncertainties associated with subsurface parameters. However, the complex nature of flow simulators presents considerable challenges to accessing inherent uncertainty in all flow simulator parameters of interest. In this work we focus on the transport of contaminants in a heterogeneous permeability field of a aquifer. In our problem the limited data comes in the form of contaminant fractional flow curves at monitoring wells of the aquifer. We then employ a Karhunen-Loève expansion to truncate the stochastic dimension of the permeability field and thus the expansion helps reducing the computational burden. Aiming to reduce the computational burden further, we code our numerical simulator using parallel programming procedures on Graphics Processing Units (GPUs). In this paper we mainly present a comparative study of two well-known MCMC methods, namely, two-stage and DiffeRential Evolution Adaptive Metropolis (DREAM), for the characterization of the two-dimensional aquifer. A thorough statistical analysis of ensembles of the contaminant fractional flow curves from both MCMC methods is presented. The analysis indicates that although the average fractional flow curves are quite similar, both time-dependent ensemble variances and posterior analysis are considerably distinct for both methods.





In this work, we adapt the epidemiological SIR model to study the evolution of the dissemination of COVID-19 in Germany and Brazil (nationally, in the State of Paraíba, and in the City of Campina Grande). We prove the well posedness and the continuous dependence of the model dynamics on its parameters. We also propose a simple probabilistic method for the evolution of the active cases that is instrumental for the automatic estimation of parameters of the epidemiological model. We obtained statistical estimates of the active cases based the probabilistic method and on the confirmed cases data. From this estimated time series we obtained a time-dependent contagion rate, which reflects a lower or higher adherence to social distancing by the involved populations. By also analysing the data on daily deaths, we obtained the daily lethality and recovery rates. We then integrate the equations of motion of the model using these time-dependent parameters. We validate our epidemiological model by fitting the official data of confirmed, recovered, death, and active cases due to the pandemic with the theoretical predictions. We obtained very good fits of the data with this method. The automated procedure developed here could be used for basically any population with a minimum of extra work. Finally, we also propose and validate a forecasting method based on Markov chains for the evolution of the epidemiological data for up to two weeks.





Background and Objectives: Although individual age and preexisting health conditions are well-documented risk factors for Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19) mortality, it is unclear whether these two factors capture unique dimensions of risk for epidemic severity at the national level. In addition, no studies have examined whether national distributions of these factors are associated with epidemic experiences to date.Research Design and Methods: Drawing on surveys of older adults from 42 countries and estimated case fatality ratios by age and preexisting health conditions, we document and compare national profiles of COVID-19 mortality risks among older adults. We develop two measures of national risk profiles: one based on age structures and another based on distributions of preexisting health conditions. Our analysis compares these constructs and documents their associations with national COVID-19 mortality rates.Results: National profiles of COVID-19 mortality risk based on age structure and preexisting health conditions are moderately uncorrelated, capturing different aspects of risk. Both types of national risk profiles correlate meaningfully with countries' COVID-19 mortality experiences to date.Discussion and Implications: Measures of population age structure are readily available for every country in the world, while cross-national measures of older adult population health are more limited. In the COVID-19 crisis, these factors give different pictures of the countries with high and low risks of COVID-19 mortality. Moreover, our results suggest that both types of national risk profiles based on population health reflect current COVID-19 mortality severity in several countries, highlighting the need for more cross-national comparative data on older adult population health.





Market participants use a wide set of information before they decide to invest in risk assets, such as stocks. Investors often follow the news to collect the information that will help them decide which strategy to follow. In this study, we analyze how public news and historical prices can be used together to anticipate and prevent financial losses on the Brazilian stock market. We include an extensive set of 64 securities in our analysis, which represent various sectors of the Brazilian economy. Our analysis compares the traditional Buy & Hold and the moving average strategies to several experiments designed with 11 machine learning algorithms. We explore daily, weekly and monthly time horizons for both publication and return windows. With this approach we were able to assess the most relevant set of news for investor's decision, and to determine for how long the information remains relevant to the market. We found a strong relationship between news publications and stock price changes in Brazil, suggesting even short-term arbitrage opportunities. The study shows that it is possible to predict stock price falls using a set of news in Portuguese, and that text mining-based approaches can overcome traditional strategies when forecasting losses.




Chromone derivatives possess a spectrum of biological activities. Chromone has been recognized as a privileged structure for new drug invention and development. Substitution pattern of chromone scaffold determines different type of biological activities. The type, number and position of substituents connected to the chromone core play a vital role in determining pharmacological activities. In the present review, we have discussed new chromone derivatives as anticancer, anti-diabetic, antimicrobial, anti-inflammatory, antioxidant and as anti-Alzheimer agents. This review deals with the chromone derivatives prepared by combining chromone molecule with various natural and synthetic pharmacophores and pharmacological activities presented by them. The main aim is to highlight the diversified pharmacological activities exhibited by chromone hybrid molecules during the last eight to ten years.






Infectious bronchitis virus (IBV) is a major viral pathogen of commercial poultry, affecting chickens of all ages and causing major economic losses in poultry industry worldwide. Frequent points of mutations and recombination events in the S1 gene region, result in the emergence of new IBVs variants circulating in the form of several serotypes/genotypes that can be partially or poorly neutralized by current vaccines. IBV is well studied worldwide, nevertheless in African countries epidemiological and scientific data are poor and not updated.This review aims to give a current overview of IBV situation, to establish evolutionary relationship between the African variants and to list some of the potential measures to control IBV in Africa.Three S1 gene hypervariable regions were studied and compared to the reference genotypes/serotypes that found emerging in African regions. This comparison was based on phylogenetic trees, nucleotide and amino-acid sequence analysis. It clearly appears that IBV variants reported in Africa, display a low genetic relationship between them and with the majority of the reference strains emerging in neighboring countries, except the case of variants from Libya and Egypt that show a high relatedness. Also the Massachusetts serotypes were the most prevalent co-circulating Abbreviations: IBV, infectious bronchitis virus; IB, infectious bronchitis; S, spike; M, membrane; N, nucleocapsid; HVR, hyper variable region; nt, nucleotide.






Mesenchymal stromal cells (MSCs) as a kind of pluripotent adult stem cell have shown great therapeutic potential in relation to many diseases in anti-inflammation and regeneration. The results of preclinical experiments and clinical trials have demonstrated that MSC-derived secretome possesses immunoregulatory and reparative abilities and that this secretome is capable of modulating innate and adaptive immunity and reprograming the metabolism of recipient cells via paracrine mechanisms. It has been recognized that MSC-derived secretome, including soluble proteins (cytokines, chemokines, growth factors, proteases), extracellular vesicles (EVs) and organelles, plays a key role in tissue repair and regeneration in bronchopulmonary dysplasia, acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS), bronchial asthma, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF), pulmonary arterial hypertension, and silicosis. This review summarizes the known functions of MSC-EV modulation in lung diseases, coupled with the future challenges of MSC-EVs as a new pharmaceutical agent. The identification of underlying mechanisms for MSC-EV might provide a new direction for MSC-centered treatment in lung diseases.





The COVID-19 pandemic induces the worst economic downturn since the Second World War, requiring governments to design large-scale recovery plans to overcome this crisis. This paper quantitatively assesses the potential of government investments in eco-friendly construction projects to boost the economy and simultaneously realise environmental gains through reduced energy consumption and related greenhouse gas emissions. The analysis uses a Computable General Equilibrium model that examines the macroeconomic impact of the COVID-19 crisis in a small open economy (Belgium). Subsequently, the impact of the proposed policy is assessed through comparative analysis for macroeconomic parameters as well as CO 2 equivalent emissions for four scenarios. Our findings demonstrate that the COVID-19 pandemic damages economies considerably, however, the reduction in emissions is less than proportionate. Still, well-designed public policies can reverse this trend, achieving both economic growth and a disproportionally large decrease in emissions. Moreover, the positive effect of such a decoupling policy on GDP is even stronger during the pandemic than compared to the pre-COVID-19 period. This is the result of a targeted, investment-induced green transition towards low energy-intensive economic activities. Finally, this paper describes how the net effect on the government budget is positive through the indirect gains of the economic uptake.




Human coronavirus OC43 (HCoV-OC43) is a respiratory virus that usually causes a common cold. However, it has the potential to cause severe infection in young children and immunocompromised adults. Both SARS-CoV and MERS-CoV were shown to express proteins with the potential to evade early innate immune responses. However, the ability of HCoV-OC43 to antagonise the intracellular antiviral defences has not yet been investigated. The potential role of the HCoV-OC43 structural (M and N) and accessory proteins (ns2a and ns5a) in the alteration of antiviral gene expression was investigated in this study. HCoV-OC43M, N, ns2a and ns5a proteins were expressed in human embryonic kidney 293 (HEK-293) cells before challenge with Sendai virus. The Human Antiviral Response PCR array was used to profile the antiviral gene expression in HEK-293 cells. Over 30 genes were downregulated in the presence of one of the HCoV-OC43 proteins, e.g. genes representing mitogen-activated protein kinases, toll-like receptors, interferons, interleukins, and signaling transduction proteins. Our findings suggest that similarly to SARS-CoV and MERS-CoV, HCoV-OC43 has the ability to downregulate the transcription of genes critical for the activation of different antiviral signaling pathways. Further studies are needed to confirm the role of HCoV-OC43 structural and accessory proteins in antagonising antiviral gene expression.





Tissue inflammation is associated with organ dysfunction and death in Covid-19. The efficacy of dexamethasone in preventing mortality in critical Covid-19 suggests that inflammation has a causal role in death. Whether this deleterious inflammation is a direct response to the presence of SARS-CoV-2, or an independent immuno-pathologic process, is unknown.




Die Redaktion behält sich vor, eingereichte Beiträge zu kürzen oder redaktionell zu verändern.




This report explains the employing of a combination test of traditional cell culture with a quantitative real-time PCR for assessment of the antiviral effect of zinc sulfate (ZnSO 4 ) on herpes simplex virus (HSV)-infected Vero cells. Our evidence showed that the treatment with 0.3 mM ZnSO 4 strongly inhibited the replication of virus progeny (MOI 0.001) at least 68-fold less. On the other hand, the IC50 demonstrated that the highest activity of ZnSO 4 was at the 0.23 mM concentration.




The SARS-Cov-2 pandemic has highlighted the urgent need for safe and effective surface decontamination methods, particularly in healthcare settings.The effectiveness of peracetic acid (PAA) dry fogging in decontaminating common healthcare setting surfaces was evaluated after experimentally contaminating nine surfaces (stainless steel, latex painted wood, unsealed hardwood, melamine countertop, vinyl flooring, clear plastic, faux leather, computer keyboard button and smartphone touch screen) with more than 10 6 TCID50 of SARS-CoV-2.Results: When fumigated with PAA dry fog for an hour, no infectious SARS-CoV-2 virus was recovered from experimentally inoculated coupons of representing nine different surface types. In contrast, high titer recovery of infectious virus was demonstrated for corresponding untreated drying controls of the same materials.Conclusion: Standard surface decontaminating processes, including sprays and wipes, are laborious and often cannot completely decontaminate sensitive electronic equipment. The ease of use, low cost and overall effectiveness of a PAA dry fogging suggest it should be considered for decontaminating settings, particularly intensive care units where severely ill SARS-CoV-2 patients are cared for.




Declarations of interest: none. Running title: QUALITY CONTROL OF STOCKPILED N95 RESPIRATOR / SURGICAL MASK 2 Summary: Background: To reduce shortage of N95 respirators and surgical masks during COVID-19 pandemic, stockpiled equipment beyond its expiry date could be released. Aim: Centralized testing of batches of expired surgical masks and N95 for safe distribution to hospital departments saving users time. Methods: Tests of compliance with health authority directives were developed and carried out on 175 batches of N95 masks and 31 batches of surgical masks from 12/03/2020 to 16/04/2020. Five quality control tests were performed on batch samples to check: packaging integrity, mask appearance, breaking strength of elastic ties and strength of nose clip test, and face-fit. Findings: 49% of FFP2 mask batches were compliant with directives, 32% of batches were compliant but with some concerns and 19%of batches were non-compliant. For surgical masks, 58% of batches were compliant, 39% of batches compliant but with concerns and 3% of batches were non-compliant. Conclusion: The main areas of non-compliance were the breaking strength of the elastic ties and the nose clip but these alone were not considered to make the masks unacceptable. Only mask appearance and face-fit results were decisive non-compliance criteria.




The advent of unbiased metagenomic virus discovery has revolutionized studies of virus biodiversity and evolution. Despite this, our knowledge of the virosphere, including in mammalian species, remains limited. We used unbiased metagenomic sequencing to identify RNA viruses in European field voles and rabbits. Accordingly, we identified a number of novel RNA viruses including astrovirus, rotavirus A, picorna-like virus and a narmovirus (paramyxovirus). In addition, we identified a sobemovirus and a novel luteovirus that likely originated from the rabbit diet. These newly discovered viruses were often divergent from those previously described. The novel astrovirus was most closely related to a virus sampled from the rodent-eating European roller bird (Coracias garrulous). PCR screening revealed that the novel narmovirus in the UK field vole had a prevalence of approximately 4%, and shared common ancestry with other rodent narmoviruses sampled globally. Two novel rotavirus A sequences were detected in a UK field vole and a French rabbit, the latter with a prevalence of 5%. Finally, a highly divergent picorna-like virus found in the gut of the French rabbit virus was only~35% similar to an arilivirus at the amino acid level, suggesting the presence of a novel viral genus within the Picornaviridae.





As the current understanding of COVID-19 continues to evolve, a synthesis of the literature on the neurological impact of this novel virus may help inform clinical management and highlight potentially important avenues of investigation. Additionally, understanding the potential mechanisms of neurologic injury may guide efforts to better detect and ameliorate these complications. In this review, we synthesize a range of clinical observations and initial case series describing potential neurologic manifestations of COVID-19 and place these observations in the context of coronavirus neuro-pathophysiology as it may relate to SARS-CoV-2 infection. Reported nervous system manifestations range from anosmia and ageusia, to cerebral hemorrhage and infarction. While the volume of COVID-19-related case studies continues to grow, previous work examining related viruses suggests potential mechanisms through which the novel coronavirus may impact the CNS and result in neurological complications. Namely, animal studies examining the SARS-CoV have implicated the angiotensin-converting-enzyme-2 receptor as a mediator of coronavirus-related neuronal damage and have shown that SARS-CoV can infect cerebrovascular endothelium and brain parenchyma, the latter predominantly in the medial temporal lobe, resulting in apoptosis and necrosis. Human postmortem brain studies indicate that human coronavirus variants and SARS-CoV can infect neurons and glia, implying SARS-CoV-2 may have similar neurovirulence. Additionally, studies have demonstrated an increase in cytokine serum levels as a result of SARS-CoV infection, consistent with the notion that cytokine overproduction and toxicity may be a relevant potential mechanism of neurologic injury, paralleling a known pathway of pulmonary injury. We also discuss evidence that suggests that SARS-CoV-2 may be a vasculotropic and neurotropic virus. Early reports suggest COVID-19 may be associated with severe neurologic complications, and several plausible mechanisms exist to account for these observations. A heightened awareness of the potential for neurologic involvement and further investigation into the relevant pathophysiology will be necessary to understand and ultimately mitigate SARS-CoV-2-associated neurologic injury.




LeptospirosisWelcome to the New Year and a new issue of the Biomedical Journal, where we learn that travelling with company boosts the metastatic potential of circulating tumour cells, as well as that a worm could be an excellent model to study antidiabetic drugs. In addition, we discover another pair of molecular scissors for genetic engineering, how exactly Leptospira wreaks havoc on its run through the host organism, and that hyperparathyroidism brings its own risks, but does not worsen the outcome of papillary thyroid carcinoma. Furthermore, the importance of taking into account differing beauty ideals for aesthetic surgery surveys is discussed, alongside the question how bad isolated local recurrence is in the case of HR þ breast cancer. Finally, we find out that virtual colonoscopy deserves more credit, that the first medical experiment in space was all about the H-reflex, and that it is possible to survive advanced necrotising fasciitis of the face and neck.





Messenger RNAs encoding the nitrate reductase apoenzyme from tobacco can be translated in a cell-free system. Poly(A) + mRNA fractions from the 23-32 S area of a sucrose gradient were used to build a cDNA library in the expression vector 2gtl 1 with an efficiency of cloning of approximately 104 recombinants/ng mRNA. Recombinant clones were screened with a rabbit polyclonal antibody directed against the corn nitrate reductase, which cross reacts specifically with the nitrate reductases from dicotyledons. Among 240000 recombinant plaques, eight clones were isolated containing inserts of sizes ranging from 1.6 kb to 2.1 kb and sharing sequence homologies. Seven of these clones contained a common internal 1.6 kb EcoRI fragment. The identity of these clones was confirmed as follows. A fusion protein of 170 kDa inducible by IPTG and recognized by the rabbit nitrate reductase antibody was expressed by a lysogen derived from one of the recombinants. The antibodies binding the fused protein were eluted and shown to be inhibitory to the catalytic activity of tobacco nitrate reductase. Two monoclonal antibodies directed against nitrate reductase were also able to bind the hybrid protein. The 1.6 kb EcoRI fragment was sequenced by the method of Sanger. The open reading frame corresponding to a translational fusion with the /~-galactosidase coding sequence of the vector shared strong homology at the amino acid level with the berne-binding domain of proteins of the cytochrome b5 superfamily and with human erythrocyte cytochrome b5 reductase. When the 1.6 kb EcoRI fragment was used as a probe for Northern blot experiments a signal corresponding to a 3.5 kb RNA was detected in tobacco and in Nicotiana plumbaginifolia mRNA preparations but no cross-hybridization with corn mRNAs was detected. The probe hybridized with low copy number sequences in genomic blots of tobacco DNA.




1 Title Identify the report as a systematic review, meta-analysis, or both. Title 2 Structured summary Provide a structured summary including, as applicable: background; objectives; data sources; study eligibility criteria, participants, and interventions; study appraisal and synthesis methods; results; limitations; conclusions and implications of key findings; systematic review registration number. Abstract 3 Rationale Describe the rationale for the review in the context of what is already known.




There were high levels of IgG but low IgM against SARS-CoV-2 (using <10 AU/mL as a reference range) among COVID-19 virus exposed but negative newborns. This review suggest a possible natural passive immunity (IgG/ IgM) against COVID-19 virus.A systematic review of infants born to mothers with COVID-19 was conducted to characterize the magnitude of antibodies generated against SARS-CoV-2 among infants who were vertically exposed to the virus. These findings were necessary to inform the ongoing vaccine development and research on the background natural passive immunity among COVID-19 exposed newborns.Furthermore, evidence are revealing the possibility of vertical transmission of anti-SARS-CoV-2 IgG/ IgM among the exposed newborns who tested negative for the virus.




This data article describes the attitudes of German and Chinese respondents to some measures taken against the COVID-19 pandemic such as social distancing and face masks wearing, as well as their trust in government actions. The data were collected through six online surveys conducted between March 23 to September 15 2020 from 865 participants in Germany, 135 in China and 169 participants with Chinese roots in Germany. The data were partly used in related research papers in which the theoretical background, analysis of the survey variables and the interpretation of the findings are presented in detail [3, 4, 5] . These survey data can be used in future studies of individual perception of the measures taken in the fight against the pandemic. The data cover topics which include, in particular, worries about the pandemic, estimations and expectations concerning the further development of the pandemic, perception of government responses and media coverage, attitudes towards social distancing and other countermeasures, and COVID-19-related conspiracy theories. Differences between Chinese and German respondents on some of these issues can also be studied with this dataset.








This paper analyses how UK academics can make money from their expertise, other than through earning their salary. Using statistics from the success rate and likely remuneration from recent examples, four options are discussed: licensing their intellectual property through their institution's technology transfer office, owning shares in a 'spin-out' company, personal consulting and writing books. The case of the 'average' academic who does not actively pursue any of these goals, the 'active' academic who pursues any one of them, and the top tier academic who is in the top 10 per cent of their profession worldwide are examined. In all cases, consulting is the most economically rewarding option. For the 'average' academic, being involved in a venture-funded start-up is the worst.




We assessed the current status of knowledge, perception, attitude, and role model regarding hand hygiene (HH) among infection control nurses (ICNs) and identified the factors influencing these variables. Methods: A structured questionnaire was adapted from a World Health Organization survey. Data were collected from Results: ICNs showed the following scores (mean § SD): knowledge (19.5 § 2.3), perception (69.9 § 8.9), attitude (46.9 § 5.8), and role model (39.2 § 6.0). HH performance of health care workers (HCWs) was 75.2 § 15.5. Mean HH performance scores of HCWs (P = .007) differed significantly according to infection control experience (3 groups: ≤ 12 months, 13-24 months, > 24 months). Perception, attitude, and role model scores showed positive correlations with each other (P < .01). The regression model for HH performance of HCWs was calculated as follows: Y 1 = 31.638 + 0.067X 1 (perception of ICNs) + 0.133X 2 (attitude of ICNs) + 0.825X 3 (role model of ICNs) (P < .001; adjusted R 2 = 0.115). Discussion: Perception, attitude, and role model scores of ICNs were significant predictors of HH performance of HCWs.Conclusions: Specialized well-structured HH education programs should be developed for ICNs that will help improve HH performance of HCWs.




This chapter addresses limitations to current 21-cm signal detection instruments, be it related to the instrument, environment, signal-processing or science, and what lies beyond the current horizon for 21-cm science, especially in the 2030s and beyond. We address how to overcome current challenges and drive the field forward, not only approaching a detection of the 21-cm signal but to a full characterisation of its parameter space, in particular, probing an increasingly larger volume of k-modes (spatially and in redshifts). We also will shortly touch upon the kinds of questions that could drive such future endeavours.





Social contact patterns shape the transmission of respiratory Background: infections spread via close interactions. There is a paucity of observational data from schools and households, particularly in developing countries. Portable wireless sensors can record unbiased proximity events between individuals facing each other, shedding light on pathways of infection transmission.The aim is to characterize face-to-face contact Design and methods: patterns that may shape the transmission of respiratory infections in schools and households in Kilifi, Kenya. Two schools, one each from a rural and urban area, will be purposively selected. From each school, 350 students will be randomly selected proportional to class size and gender to participate. Nine index students from each school will be randomly selected and followed-up to their households. All index household residents will be recruited into the study. A further 3-5 neighbouring households will also be recruited to give a maximum of 350 participants per household setting. The sample size per site is limited by the number of sensors available for data collection. Each participant will wear a wireless proximity sensor lying on their chest area for 7 consecutive days. Data on proximal dyadic interactions will be collected automatically by the sensors only for participants who are face-to-face. Key characteristics of interest include the distribution of degree and the frequency and duration of contacts and their variation in rural and urban areas. These will be stratified by age, gender, role, and day of the week.Resultant data will inform on social contact patterns in Expected results: rural and urban areas of a previously unstudied population. Ensuing data will be used to parameterize mathematical simulation models of transmission of a range of respiratory viruses, including respiratory syncytial virus, and used to explore the impact of intervention measures , London School of Hygiene Kiti MC, Melegaro A, Cattuto C and Nokes DJ. How to cite this article: Study design and protocol for investigating social network patterns in rural and urban schools and households in a coastal setting in Kenya using wearable proximity sensors [version 2; peer review: 2 Wellcome Open Research 2019, :84 ( ) approved] 4 https://doi.org/10.12688/wellcomeopenres.15268.2 22 May 2019, :84 ( ) First published: 4 https://doi.org/10.12688/wellcomeopenres.15268.1 PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text | Free Full Text 2. Danon L, House TA, Read JM, et al.: Social encounter networks: collective properties and disease transmission. J R Soc Interface. 2012; 9(76): 2826-2833. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text | Free Full Text 3. Kucharski AJ, Kwok KO, Wei VW, et al.: The contribution of social behaviour to the transmission of influenza A in a human population. PLoS Pathog. 2014; 10(6): e1004206. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text | Free Full Text 4. Horby P, Pham QT, Hens N, et al.: Social contact patterns in Vietnam and implications for the control of infectious diseases. PLoS One. 2011; 6(2): e16965. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text | Free Full Text 5. Hens N, Goeyvaerts N, Aerts M, et al.: Mining social mixing patterns for infectious disease models based on a two-day population survey in Belgium. BMC Infect Dis. 2009; 9: 5. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text | Free Full Text 6. Mossong J, Hens N, Jit M, et al.: Social contacts and mixing patterns relevant to the spread of infectious diseases. PLoS Med. 2008; 5(3): e74. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text | Free Full Text 7. Stein ML, Van Steenbergen JE, Buskens V, et al.: Comparison of contact patterns relevant for transmission of respiratory pathogens in Thailand and The Netherlands using respondent-driven sampling. PLoS One. 2014; 9(11): e113711. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text | Free Full Text 8. Danon L, Read JM, House TA, et al.: Social encounter networks: characterizing Great Britain. Proc Biol Sci. 2013; 280(1765): 20131037. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text | Free Full Text 9. Conlan AJ, Eames KT, Gage JA, et al.: Measuring social networks in British primary schools through scientific engagement. Proc R Soc B Biol Sci. 2011; 278(1711): 1467-1475. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text | Free Full Text 10. Glass LM, Glass RJ: Social contact networks for the spread of pandemic influenza in children and teenagers. BMC Public Health. 2008; 8(1): 61. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text | Free Full Text 11. Melegaro A, Del Fava E, Poletti P, et al.: Social Contact Structures and Time Use Patterns in the Manicaland Province of Zimbabwe. PLoS One. 2017; 12(1): e0170459. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text | Free Full Text 12. Grijalva CG, Goeyvaerts N, Verastegui H, et al.: A household-based study of contact networks relevant for the spread of infectious diseases in the highlands of Peru. PLoS One. 2015; 10(3): e0118457. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text | Free Full Text 13. Johnstone-Robertson SP, Mark D, Morrow C, et al.: Social mixing patterns within a South African township community: implications for respiratory disease transmission and control. Am J Epidemiol. 2011; 174(11): 1246-1255. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text | Free Full Text 14. Kiti MC, Kinyanjui TM, Koech DC, et al.: Quantifying age-related rates of social contact using diaries in a rural coastal population of Kenya. PLoS One. 2014; 9(8): e104786. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text | Free Full Text 15. Eames KT, Tilston NL, Brooks-Pollock E, et al.: Measured dynamic social contact patterns explain the spread of H1N1v influenza. PLoS Comput Biol. 2012; 8(3): e1002425. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text | Free Full Text 16. You SH, Chen SC, Wang CH, et al.: Linking contact behavior and droplet patterns to dynamically model indoor respiratory infections among schoolchildren. J Epidemiol. 2013; 23(4): 251-261. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text | Free Full Text 17. Edmunds WJ, O'Callaghan CJ, Nokes DJ: Who mixes with whom? A method to determine the contact patterns of adults that may lead to the spread of airborne infections. Proc Biol Sci. 1997; 264(1384): 949-957.PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text | Free Full Text 18. Smieszek T: A mechanistic model of infection: why duration and intensity of contacts should be included in models of disease spread. Theor Biol Med Model. 2009; 6(1): 25. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text | Free Full Text 19. De Cao E, Zagheni E, Manfredi P, et al.: The relative importance of frequency of contacts and duration of exposure for the spread of directly transmitted infections. Biostatistics. 2014; 15(3): 470-483. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text 20. Toth DJ, Leecaster M, Pettey WB, et al.: The role of heterogeneity in contact timing and duration in network models of influenza spread in schools. J R Soc Interface. 2015; 12(108): 20150279. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text | Free Full Text 21. Eagle N, Pentland AS, Lazer D: Inferring friendship network structure by using mobile phone data. Proc Natl Acad Sci U S A. 2009; 106(36): 15274-15278. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text | Free Full Text 22. Stopczynski A, Sekara V, Sapiezynski P, et al.: Measuring large-scale social networks with high resolution. PLoS One. 2014; 9(4): e95978. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text | Free Full Text 23. Polastre J, Szewezyk R, Culler D: Telos: enabling ultra-low power wireless research. In: Information Processing in Sensor Networks. 2005; 364-369. Publisher Full Text 24. Cattuto C, Van den Broeck W, Barrat A, et al.: Dynamics of person-to-person interactions from distributed RFID sensor networks. PLoS One. 2010; 5(7): e11596. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text | Free Full Text 25. Hornbeck T, Naylor D, Segre AM, et al.: Using sensor networks to study the effect of peripatetic healthcare workers on the spread of hospital-associated infections. J Infect Dis. 2012; 206(10): 1549-1557. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text | Free Full Text 26. Kiti MC, Tizzoni M, Kinyanjui TM, et al.: Quantifying social contacts in a household setting of rural Kenya using wearable proximity sensors. EPJ Data Sci. 2016; 5(1): 21. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text | Free Full Text 27. Ozella L, Gesualdo F, Tizzoni M, et al.: Close encounters between infants and household members measured through wearable proximity sensors. PLoS One. 2018; 13(6): e0198733. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text | Free Full Text 28. Fournet J, Barrat A: Contact patterns among high school students. PLoS One. 2014; 9(9): e107878. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text | Free Full Text 29. Stehlé J, Voirin N, Barrat A, et al.: High-resolution measurements of face-to-face contact patterns in a primary school. PLoS One. 2011; 6(8): e23176. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text | Free Full Text 30. Salathé M, Kazandjieva M, Lee JW, et al.: A high-resolution human contact network for infectious disease transmission. Proc Natl Acad Sci U S A. 2010; 107(51): 22020-22025. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text | Free Full Text 31. Vanhems P, Barrat A, Cattuto C, et al.: Estimating potential infection transmission routes in hospital wards using wearable proximity sensors. PLoS One. 2013; 8(9): e73970. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text | Free Full Text 32. Voirin N, Payet C, Barrat A, et al.: Combining high-resolution contact data hospital. Infect Control Hosp Epidemiol. 2015; 36(3): 254-260. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text 33. Isella L, Romano M, Barrat A, et al.: Close encounters in a pediatric ward: measuring face-to-face proximity and mixing patterns with wearable sensors. PLoS One. 2011; 6(2): e17144. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text | Free Full Text 34. Ozella L, Gauvin L, Carenzo L, et al.: Wearable Proximity Sensors for Monitoring a Mass Casualty Incident Exercise: Feasibility Study. J Med Internet Res. 2019; 21(4): e12251. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text | Free Full Text 35. Génois M, Vestergaard CL, Fournet J, et al.: Data on face-to-face contacts in an office building suggest a low-cost vaccination strategy based on community linkers. Netw Sci. 2015; 3(3): 326-347. Publisher Full Text 36. Stehlé J, Voirin N, Barrat A, et al.: Simulation of an SEIR infectious disease model on the dynamic contact network of conference attendees. BMC Med. 2011; 9(1): 87. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text | Free Full Text 37. Génois M, Vestergaard CL, Cattuto C, et al.: Compensating for population sampling in simulations of epidemic spread on temporal contact networks. Nat Commun. 2015; 6: 8860. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text | Free Full Text 38. Viboud C, Boëlle PY, Cauchemez S, et al.: Risk factors of influenza transmission in households. Br J Gen Pract. 2004; 54(506): 684-689. PubMed Abstract | Free Full Text 39. Hens N, Ayele GM, Goeyvaerts N, et al.: Estimating the impact of school closure on social mixing behaviour and the transmission of close contact infections in eight European countries. BMC Infect Dis. 2009; 9(108): 187. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text | Free Full Text 40. Baguelin M, Flasche S, Camacho A, et al.: Assessing optimal target populations for influenza vaccination programmes: an evidence synthesis and modelling study. PLoS Med. 2013; 10(10): e1001527. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text | Free Full Text 41. Munywoki PK, Koech DC, Agoti CN, et al.: The source of respiratory syncytial virus infection in infants: a household cohort study in rural Kenya. J Infect Dis. 2014; 209(11): 1685-1692. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text | Free Full Text 42. Gemmetto V, Barrat A, Cattuto C: Mitigation of infectious disease at school: targeted class closure vs school closure. BMC Infect Dis. 2014; 14(1): 695.PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text | Free Full Text 43. Cauchemez S, Carrat F, Viboud C, et al.: A Bayesian MCMC approach to study transmission of influenza: application to household longitudinal data. Stat Med. 2004; 23(22): 3469-3487. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text 44. le Polain de Waroux O, Cohuet S, Ndazima D, et al.: Characteristics of human encounters and social mixing patterns relevant to infectious diseases spread by close contact: a survey in Southwest Uganda. BMC Infect Dis. 2018; 18(1): 172. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text | Free Full Text 45. van Hoek AJ, Andrews N, Campbell H, et al.: The social life of infants in the context of infectious disease transmission; social contacts and mixing patterns of the very young. PLoS One. 2013; 8(10): e76180. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text | Free Full Text 46. Campbell PT, McVernon J, Shrestha N, et al.: Who's holding the baby? A prospective diary study of the contact patterns of mothers with an infant. BMC Infect Dis. 2017; 17(1): 634. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text | Free Full Text 47. Halder N, Kelso JK, Milne GJ: Developing guidelines for school closure interventions to be used during a future influenza pandemic. BMC Infect Dis. 2010; 10(1): 221. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text | Free Full Text 48. Eames KT, Tilston NL, Edmunds WJ: The impact of school holidays on the social mixing patterns of school children. Epidemics. 2011; 3(2): 103-108. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text 49. Scott JA, Bauni E, Moisi JC, et al.: Profile: The Kilifi Health and Demographic Surveillance System (KHDSS). Int J Epidemiol. 2012; 41(3): 650-657. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text | Free Full Text 50. Fruchterman TMJ, Reingold EM: Graph drawing by force-directed placement. Softw Pract Exp. 1991; 21(11): 1129-1164. Publisher Full Text 51. Martin S, Brown WM, Klavans R, et al.: DrL: Distributed Recursive (Graph) Layout. Albuquerque; 2008. Reference Source 52. Poletti P, Merler S, Ajelli M, et al.: Evaluating vaccination strategies for reducing infant respiratory syncytial virus infection in low-income settings. BMC Med. 2015; 13(1): 49. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text | Free Full Text 53. Munywoki PK, Koech DC, Agoti CN, et al.: Continuous Invasion by Respiratory Viruses Observed in Rural Households During a Respiratory Syncytial Virus Seasonal Outbreak in Coastal Kenya. Clin Infect Dis. 2018; 67(10): 1559-1567. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text | Free Full Text 54. Mazur NI, Higgins D, Nunes MC, et al.: The respiratory syncytial virus vaccine landscape: lessons from the graveyard and promising candidates. Lancet Infect Dis. 2018; 18(10): e295-e311. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text






Deregulated Polycomb repressive complex 2 (PRC2) is intimately involved in tumorigenesis and progression, making it an invaluable target for epigenetic cancer therapy. Disrupting the EZH2-EED interaction, which is required for PRC2 enzymatic activity, is a promising strategy for cancer treatment. However, this kind of inhibitors are still limited. The in-cell protein-protein interaction screening was conducted for approximately 1300 compounds by NanoBRET technology. Co-immunoprecipitation (Co-IP), protein thermal shift assay (PTSA), and cellular thermal shift assay (CETSA) were performed to investigate the regulation of PRC2 by AZD9291. The anti-tumor effects of AZD9291 on breast cancer (BC) cells and diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL) cells were detected. MicroRNA array assay, luciferase reporter assay, and qRT-PCR were conducted to identify the interaction and regulation among AZD9291, EZH2, and miR-34a. We discovered that, AZD9291, a potent and selective EGFR inhibitor, disrupted the interaction of EZH2-EED, leading to impairment of PRC2 activity and downregulation of EZH2 protein. In addition, AZD9291 declined EZH2 mRNA expression via upregulating the expression of a tumor suppressor, miR-34a. Our results suggest that AZD9291 can serve as a lead compound for further development of antagonist of PRC2 protein-protein interactions and EZH2 mRNA may be a direct target of miR-34a through non-canonical base pairing.





Background: The public health workforce (PHW) is a key component of a country's public health system. Since the outbreak of SARS (severe acute respiratory syndrome) in 2003, the scale of PHW in China has been continuously expanding, but policymakers and researchers still focus on the distribution of public health personnel, especially the regional inequality in such distribution. We aimed to identify the root cause of PHW inequality by decomposing different geographical units in China. Methods: This study was based on data from a nationwide survey, which included 2712 county-level data. The distribution of the PHW in geographical units was evaluated by the Gini coefficient and Theil T index, and inequalities at regional, provincial, and municipal levels were decomposed to identify the root causes of inequalities in the PHW. Additionally, the contextual factors affecting the distribution of the PHW were determined through regression analysis. Results: The overall inequality results show that health professional and field epidemiological investigators faced worse inequality than the staff. In particular, field epidemiological investigators had a Gini coefficient close to 0.4.Step decomposition showed that within-region inequalities accounted for 98.5% or more of overall inter-county inequality in the distribution of all PHW categories; provincial decomposition showed that at least 74% of inequality is still distributed within provinces; the overall contribution of within-municipal inequality and between-municipal inequality was basically the same. Further, the contextual factor that influenced betweenmunicipality and within-municipality inequality for all three categories of PHWs was the agency building area per employee. Per capita GDP had a similar effect, except for between-municipality inequality of professionals and within-municipality inequality of field epidemiological investigators. Conclusions: The successive decomposition showed that inequality is mainly concentrated in counties at the within-province and within-municipal levels. This study clearly suggests that the government, especially the municipal government at the provincial level, should increase financial investment in Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDCs) with worse resource allocation in their jurisdiction through various ways of compensation and incentives, enhance their infrastructure, and improve the salary of personnel in these institutions, to attract more public health professionals to these institutions.




Interleukin 6 (IL-6) is one of the markers of immune system activation indicating existent infection and inflammation. We present here a case of a 55-year-old male COVID-19 patient with an unusual high level of interleukin 6 (IL-6). Further investigation revealed he had hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) with underlying hepatitis B. He did not present with respiratory symptoms although a baseline chest x-ray showed changes, and the patient was categorized as Class 3A of COVID-19. Routine investigations proceeded with high-resolution computed tomography and IL-6 to monitor for progression to severe




The model repository (MREP) is a relational database management system (RDBMS) developed under the auspices of models of infectious disease agent study (MIDAS). The purpose of the MREP is to organize and catalog the models, results, and suggestions for using the MIDAS and to store them in a way to allow users to run models from an access-controlled disease MREP. The MREP contains source and object code of disease models developed by infectious disease modelers and tested in a production environment. Different versions of models used to describe various aspects of the same disease are housed in the repository. Models are linked to their developers and different versions of the codes are tied to Subversion, a version control tool. An additional element of the MREP will be to house, manage, and control access to a disease model results warehouse, which consists of output generated by the models contained in the MREP. The result tables and files are linked to the version of the model and the input parameters that collectively generated the results. The result tables are warehoused in a relational database that permits them to be easily identified, categorized, and downloaded.Index Terms-Data management, data warehouse, epidemiological disease models, model repository (MREP), relational database.









Purpose of Review This review explores relevant definitions, epidemiology, management, and potential future research directions in the extubation of the challenging/difficult airway. It provides guidance on identifying patients at risk and how to approach these clinical scenarios. Recent Findings Based on recent literature, including large-scale audits and closed claims analysis, it is increasingly recognized that extubation of the difficult airway is a situation at risk of severe adverse events. Some strategies to manage the extubation of the challenging/difficult airway have been described. Summary Extubating the challenging/difficult airway is a high-risk situation. However, it is fundamental to keep in mind that intended extubation is always an elective procedure. As such, it is imperative to adhere to principles of careful patient and context assessment, planning, and execution only when optimal conditions have been secured.




Objetivos: Determinar la prevalencia de interacciones potenciales en pacientes COVID19 en tratamiento con lopinavir/ritonavir (LPV/r). El objetivo secundario fue elaborar recomendaciones e identificar los factores de riesgo asociados a presentar interacciones potenciales con LPV/r. Sujetos y Métodos: Estudio transversal y multicéntrico con la participación 2 hospitales.Se incluyeron pacientes COVID 19 mayores de 18 años, con ingreso hospitalario y en tratamiento con LPV/r. Se realizó un cribado de las interacciones potenciales relacionadas con LPV/r y la medicación domiciliaria y hospitalaria. Se utilizó como base de datos de consulta Lexicomp® (Uptodate), HIV-drug interacctions y COVID-drug interacctions.Resultados: Se incluyeron 361 pacientes con una media de edad de 62,77 ± 14,64 años, donde el 59,6 % (n=215) fueron hombres. El 62,3% (n=225) tuvieron 1 o más interacciones potenciales y el 26, 87% (n=97) 2 o más. Las variables independientes asociadas a presentar ≥ 1 interacciones potenciales fueron la edad (> 65) (OR 1,95; IC J o u r n a l P r e -p r o o f 95% 1,06-3,59; P=0,033), el ingreso en UCI (OR 9,22; IC 95% 1,98-42,93; P=0,005), la patología previa respiratoria (OR 2,90; IC 95% 1,15-7,36; P=0,024), psiquiátrica (OR 4,14; IC 95% 1,36-12,61; P=0,013), la dislipemia (OR 3,21; IC 95% 1.63-6,35; P=0,001) y el número de fármacos prescrito (OR 4,33; IC 95% 2,40-7,81; P=0,000).Conclusión: La prevalencia de interacciones potenciales en paciente COVD 19 en tratamiento con LPV/r es elevada, comportándose como factores de riesgo asociados la edad (>65), el ingreso en UCI, la patología previa respiratoria, psiquiátrica y la dislipemia y el número de fármacos prescritos.Objectives: To determine the prevalence of potential interactions in COVID19 patients receiving lopinavir/ritonavir (LPV/r). The secondary objective was to develop recommendations and identify the risk factors associated with presenting potential interactions with LPV/r. Subjects and Methods: Cross-sectional and multicenter study with the participation of 2 hospitals. COVID 19 patients over 18 years of age, admitted to hospital and under treatment with LPV/r were included. A screening of potential interactions related to LPV/r and home and hospital medication was carried out. Lexicomp® (Uptodate), HIVdrug interactions and COVID-drug interactions were used as the query database.Results: 361 patients with a mean age of 62.77 ± 14.64 years were included, where 59.6% (n = 215) were men. 62.3% (n = 225) had 1 or more potential interactions and 26, 87% (n = 97) 2 or more. The independent variables associated with presenting ≥1 potential interactions were age (> 65) (OR 1.95; 95% CI 1.06-3.59, P = 0.033), ICU admission (OR 9.22; CI 95% 1.98-42.93; P = 0.005), previous respiratory pathology (OR J o u r n a l P r e -p r o o f 2.90; 95% CI 1.15-7.36; P = 0.024), psychiatric (OR 4.14; 95 CI % 1.36-12.61; P = 0.013), dyslipidemia (OR 3.21; 95% CI 1.63-6.35; P = 0.001) and the number of drugs prescribed (OR 4.33; 95% CI 2.40-7.81; P = 0.000).Conclusion: The prevalence of potential interactions in COVD 19 patient undergoing treatment with LPV/r is high, with age (> 65), ICU admission, previous respiratory and psychiatric pathology, dyslipidemia and the number of prescribed drugs acting as risk factors.Palabras clave: interacciones medicamentosas potenciales, lopinavir/ritonavir, COVID 19, SARS-CoV-2, inhibidor de la proteasa.




Infection with SARS-CoV-2 is becoming the leading cause of death in most countries during the 2020 pandemic. The objective of this study is to assess the association between COVID-19 and cause-specific death. The design is retrospective cohort study. We included data from inpatients diagnosed with COVID-19 between March 18 and April 21, 2020, who died during their hospital stay. Demographic, clinical and management data were collected. Causes of death were ascertained by review of medical records. The sample included 128 individuals. The median age was 84 (IQR 75-89), 57% were men. In 109 patients, the death was caused by SARS-CoV-2 infection, whereas in 19 (14.8%, 95 CI 10-22%), the infection acted only as a precipitating factor to decompensate other pathologies. This second group of patients was older (88y vs 82, p < 0.001). In age-adjusted analysis, they had a greater likelihood of heart failure (OR 3.61 95% CI 1.15-11.32), dependency in activities of daily living (OR 12.07 95% CI 1.40-103.86), frailty . The presence of X-ray infiltrates Internal and Emergency Medicine 1 3 was uncommon (OR 0.07, 95% CI 0.02-0.25). A higher percentage of patient deaths from causes unrelated to COVID-19 complications occurred during the two first weeks of the pandemic. Fifteen percent of patients with COVID-19 infection died from decompensation of other pathologies and the cause of death was unrelated to COVID-19 severe complications. Most of these patients had more comorbidities and were frail and elderly. These findings can partially explain the excess mortality in older people.Graphic abstract






The emergence of the COVID-19 pandemic caused by SARS-CoV-2 has created the need for development of new therapeutic strategies. Understanding the mode of viral attachment, entry and replication has become a key aspect of such interventions. The coronavirus surface features a trimeric spike (S) protein that is essential for viral attachment, entry and membrane fusion. The S protein of SARS-CoV-2 binds to human angiotensin converting enzyme 2 (hACE2) for entry.Herein, we describe glycomic and glycoproteomic analysis of hACE2 expressed in HEK293 human cells. We observed high glycan occupancy (73.2 to 100%) at all seven possible Nglycosylation sites and surprisingly detected one novel O-glycosylation site. To deduce the detailed structure of glycan epitopes on hACE2 that may be involved in viral binding, we have characterized the terminal sialic acid linkages, the presence of bisecting GlcNAc, and the pattern of N-glycan fucosylation. We have conducted extensive manual interpretation of each glycopeptide and glycan spectrum, in addition to using bioinformatics tools to validate the hACE2 glycosylation. Our elucidation of the site-specific glycosylation and its terminal orientations on the hACE2 receptor, along with the modeling of hACE2 glycosylation sites can aid in understanding the intriguing virus-receptor interactions and assist in the development of novel therapeutics to prevent viral entry. The relevance of studying the role of ACE2 is further increased due to some recent reports about the varying ACE2 dependent complications with regard to age, sex, race, and pre-existing conditions of COVID-19 patients.Glycosylation of human ACE2






Aim: This brief report provides an overview of the development and structure of the Health App Review Tool. Methods: The Health App Review Tool has been designed to assess smart phone health apps according to their compatibility to individuals within the Alzheimer's disease community. Specifically, app features and functions are characterized according to their appropriateness to the needs, abilities, and preferences of potential users. The Health App Review Tool is comprised of two components, the App and User Assessment; each component includes four complementary domains. Items in these domains can be compared between App and User assessments using a scoring key that will produce a match score. The score indicates the level of appropriateness in reference to the app's ability to meet the user's needs. Discussion: The Health App Review Tool was designed using available evidence and stakeholder preference data to ensure a user-centered design. The result was the development of a tool built on evidence and informed by the perceptions and preferences of those within and working with the Alzheimer's disease population. App and User domains include usefulness, complexity, accessibility, and external variables. This unique matching approach is anticipated to significantly impact individualized, client-centered care. We anticipate that this study will serve as a model for future development of technology matching tools for other diagnostic populations. Discussion: The Health App Review Tool was designed using available evidence and stakeholder preference data to ensure a user-centered design. The result was the development of a tool built on evidence and informed by the perceptions and preferences of those within and working with the Alzheimer's disease population. App and User domains include usefulness, complexity, accessibility, and external variables. This unique matching approach is anticipated to significantly impact individualized, client-centered care. We anticipate that this study will serve as a model for future development of technology matching tools for other diagnostic populations.





Infecting large portions of the global population, seasonal influenza is a major burden on societies around the globe. While the global source sink dynamics of the different seasonal influenza viruses have been studied intensively, its local spread remains less clear. In order to improve our understanding of how influenza is transmitted on a city scale, we collected an extremely densely sampled set of influenza sequences alongside patient metadata. To do so, we sequenced influenza viruses isolated from patients of two different hospitals, as well as private practitioners in Basel, Switzerland during the 2016/2017 influenza season. The genetic sequences reveal that repeated introductions into the city drove the influenza season. We then reconstruct how the effective reproduction number changed over the course of the season. While we did not find that transmission dynamics in Basel correlate with humidity or school closures, we did find some evidence that it may positively correlated with temperature. Alongside the genetic sequence data that allows us to see how individual cases are connected, we gathered patient information, such as the age or household status. Zooming into the local transmission outbreaks suggests that the elderly were to a large extent infected within their own transmission network. In the remaining transmission network, our analyses suggest that school-aged children likely play a more central role than pre-school aged children. These patterns will be valuable to plan interventions combating PLOS PATHOGENS PLOS Pathogens | https://doi.org/10.




Live cell imaging enables the study of dynamic processes of living cells in real time by use of suitable reporter proteins and the staining of specific cellular structures and/or organelles. With the availability of advanced optical devices and improved cell culture protocols it has become a rapidly growing research methodology. The success of this technique relies mainly on the selection of suitable reporter proteins, construction of recombinant plasmids possessing cell type specific promoters as well as reliable methods of gene transfer. This review aims to provide an overview of the recent developments in the field of marker proteins (bioluminescence and fluorescent) and methodologies (fluorescent resonance energy transfer, fluorescent recovery after photobleaching and proximity ligation assay) employed as to achieve an improved imaging of biological processes in hepatoma cells. Moreover, different expression systems of marker proteins and the modes of gene transfer are discussed with emphasis on the study of lipid droplet formation in hepatocytes as an example.




Self-organized complex structures in nature, e.g., viral capsids, hierarchical biopolymers, and bacterial flagella, offer efficiency, adaptability, robustness, and multi-functionality [1] . Can we program the self-assembly of three-dimensional (3D) complex structures with simple building blocks, and reach similar or higher level of sophistication in engineered materials? Here we present an analytic theory of tetrahedral nanoparticles (NPs) self-assembling in 3D space, where unavoidable geometrical frustration [2] combined with competing attractive and repulsive interparticle interactions [3] lead to controllable, high-yield, and enantiopure self-assembly of helicoidal ribbons. This theory, based on crystal structures in non-Euclidean space, predicts morphologies that exhibit qualitative agreement with experimental observations. We expect that this theory will offer a general framework for the self-assembly of simple polyhedral building blocks into complex morphologies with new material capabilities such as tunable optical activity, essential for multiple emerging technologies.Chemically synthesized NPs display a great diversity of polyhedral shapes [4] . Having strong attractive interactions from van der Waals forces and coordination bonds, they can self-assemble into various nanostructures. Intriguingly, it is the rule rather than the exception that a generic polyhedron does not tile 3D Euclidean space [5] . Taking the tetrahedron as an example, one finds that five tetrahedra can form a pentamer with a small gap, and twenty tetrahedra ""almost"" form an icosahedron, again leaving small gaps (Fig. 1a) because the tetrahedron's dihedral angle arccos(1/3) ∼ 70.5 • is not an integer divisor of 2π. Perfect face-to-face attachment can only be enforced at the expense of elastic stress. The self-assembly of these NPs belongs to the general problem of ""geometrically frustrated self-assembly"" where stress builds up as clusters grow, leading to self-limited growth or topological defects [6, 7] . Additionally, the realistic NPs also contain electrostatic charge and frustration also originates from electrostatic repulsion [3] .What do we expect for the frustrated self-assembly of these polyhedral NPs? Although the assembly of most polyhedra is geometrically frustrated in Euclidean 3D space, they can form non-Euclidean crystals in some ideal curved space, where gaps or overlaps are eliminated by precisely tuning the space's Gaussian curvature [5] . This can be illustrated by a familiar example in 2D. Regular pentagons cannot tile a Euclidean (flat) surface because their internal angle of 108 • is incommensurate with 2π. When positive Gaussian curvature is introduced into the surface, the gaps between the pentagons close while the plane turns into a sphere or radius R. When R = √ 3/2φ, where φ is the Golden Ratio, the pentagons fold into an unfrustrated non-Euclidean crystal: the regular dodecahedron (Fig. 1b) . Similarly, the reference configuration of any regular polyhedron can always be realized as a non-Euclidean crystal in a 3D curved space [5, 8] called honeycomb, or polytope when the number of tiles is finite. Regular honeycombs are classified by the Shläfli notation {p, q, r} where q is the number of p−sided regular polygonal faces around a polyhedron's vertex, and r is the number of polyhedra around an edge. Calling Θ the dihedral angle of a polyhedron, when rΘ < (>)2π, the honeycomb has positive (negative) Gaussian curvature. Important previous work examined properties of 3D non-Euclidean crystals, as well as rich classes of topological defects that relieve stress when the reference configuration is ""flattened"" to the Euclidean 3D space [8], such as doubletwist texture of the cholesteric blue phase [9, 10], metallic glasses [11, 12] , and Frank-Kasper phases [13, 14] .In this paper, we show how non-Euclidean crystals provide us with sets of ""reference metrics""ḡ of the stressfree packing of these polyhedra, and thus offer a starting point to construct an energy of the assembled structures, the minimization of which guides us in the search for self-assembly morphologies. Different from previous theories of curved crystals, the self-assembly processes we consider here are driven by competing attractive and repulsive interactions between the similarly charged inorganic NPs at low volume fractions. Moreover, in NP self-assembly, surface tension is typically low, leading to arrested growth in certain directions [15] , rather than proliferation of topological defects. Thus, instead of forming condensed phases with defects, the NPs have the freedom to adopt low-dimensional morphologies to minimize frustration.We construct the energy of the assembly by adding up the energy associated with (i) the aforementioned elastic frustration, E elastic , (ii) the boundary of the assembly, E boundary , (iii) electrostatic repulsion, E repulsion , and (iv) binding between the NPs, E bind ,the reference volume element andM is a region in the honeycomb. The (Euclidean) actual arXiv:2010.03087v1 [cond-mat.soft] 6 Oct 2020 2 θ β β θ 108°1 08°1 08°3 6°a a 108°1 08°1 08°R θ 0.90 0.95 1.00 Rotation Angle 1 4 d(1,4) a N S N S N S d c a b g h e f j i R R L L θ β W L π/12 -π/12 0 -π/6 π/6FIG. 1: a, Five tetrahedra can almost form a pentamer; Twenty tetrahedra can almost form an icosahedron. b, A 2D example of geometric frustration: pentagons do not tile Euclidean surface, but can form a regular crystal (dodecahedron) on the 2D sphere S 2 . c, Tetrahelices are chiral linear assemblies of tetrahedra. d, Chiral ligands induce a twist between neighboring tetrahedra, and select and handedness of the tetrahelix. When the tetrahelix and the relative twist have the same (opposite) handedness, the distance between 4th-nearest neighbor tetrahedra's centers d(1, 4) increases (reduces), thus lowering (increasing) their electrostatic repulsion. At the same time, the edges of the tetrahelix become more (less) coiled. e, In 3D Euclidean space, two tetrahelices cannot fit side-to-side. f, Two tetrahelices fitting perfectly together in S 3 (a stereographic projectio). g, The base icosahedron of the 600 cell. The 4 toroidal shells are indicated by color gradient. h, Topology of the tetrahelices inside the 600-cell, organized in 3 concentric toroidal shells. Tetrahelices are represented abstractly as triangular prisms with a twist (circular arrow). The triangular faces are identified, so each prism represents a closed ring. Under stereographic projection, the topology of the shells is equivalent to the top right inset. i, The coordinate in Eq. (3) (stereographic projection). j, Cutting a ribbon out of the Clifford Torus (here represented as a square with opposite edges identified). The θ axis is at the same time the long side of the ribbon and the long axis of the R tetrahelices.metric of the assembly g cannot be equal to the honeycomb's non-Euclidean metricḡ (which describes the ideal, stress-free, distances between the NPs) everywhere, and a strain = (g −ḡ)/2, necessarily develops. Close to any local minimum, E elastic can be expanded in powers of the strain tensor:where µ, λ are the Lamé coefficients, ν, σ = 1, 2, 3 are the 3 spatial directions and indices are contracted withḡ. The boundary term E boundary = ∂M γ(σ) detḡ(σ)d 2 σ where γ(σ) is the surface tension, σ is a point on the boundary, and detḡ(σ) d 2 σ is the area element. Screened as well as long-ranged electrostatic repulsion, commonly found in NPs are encoded in E repulsion . The binding energy E bind denotes the energy released while the NPs bind, and is proportional to the volume of the assembly.As mentioned above, we are interested in the case where complex low-dimensional morphologies are adopted by the NPs to minimize the frustration in 3D Euclidean space. The question is then about choosing the appropriate sliceM and solve for the assembled structure. The answer lies in two factors: pathway dependence and low-stress directions in the honeycomb. Any self-assembly follows a pathway through the formation of intermediate structures, such as small clusters, fibers [16] , or sheets, which are precursors to the final configuration. Correspondingly, the reference honeycomb can often be decomposed into sub-structures of representing the precursors. We associate a pathway to every decomposition of the reference honeycomb (or equivalently, subgroups of the honeycomb's global symmetry group). As the assembly progress along the kinetic pathways, the stress builds up, often anisotropically. This anisotropy can guide the selection ofM and eventually lead to the solution of the morphology.Here we specialize the model to the assembly of charged tetrahedral CdTe NPs binding via chiral surface ligands. These NPs in experiments self-assemble into enantiopure and uniform helices at the scale of microns ( Fig. 2b) [15]. In order to characterize the assembly of these NPs, we choose the reference honeycomb to be the 600-cell polytope (Schläfli symbol {3, 3, 5}). This is a periodic tiling of the 3-sphere S 3 (R) (i.e. the surface of a ball in 4D Euclidean space) by regular tetrahedra with the lowest curvature, and thus least stressed in Euclidean space.How do tetrahedra assemble when they are brought together by attractive interactions? It is well-known that they can form infinite straight 1D helices with no frustration, either Left-handed (L) or Rigth-handed (R), called ""tetrahelices"" ( Fig. 1c and SM, Sec. 1). The chiral ligands induce a small rotation angle between two bound tetrahedral NPs, rather than perfect face-to-face binding. As shown in Fig. 1d , this twist energetically selects tetrahelices with the same handedness as the ligands. Under the spontaneous tendency of tetrahedra to form tetrahelices, even a small chiral bias in the ligands can propagate along the tetrahelix, giving it the same handedness. In the following discussion, we use this chiral symmetry breaking to select the fibration, but ignore the higher order geometric effect of the small twist on the morphology.Self-assembly of tetrahelices is geometrically frustrated in 3D Euclidean space, because the twist forbids two homochiral tetrahelices to be glued side-to-side ( Fig. 1e ), but it can be realized in S 3 (R), where twist is compensated by curvature: when R and the tetrahedron's edge a satisfy R = φa, the tetrahelices appear as closed parallel rings of 30 tetrahedra touching perfectly side to side (Fig. 1f) . Remarkably, 20 such (homochiral) terahelices organized in 3 nested toroidal shells form the 600-cell [17] , and each tetrahelix can be associated with one face of the base icosahedron of the 600-cell (Fig. 1g,h) . The global structure of linked rings has the topology of the Hopf fibration [18, 19] (see SM, Sec. 2). Starting from all R or all L tetrahelices, this construction leads to the same (achiral) 600-cell, so the latter has two chiral decompositions: one contains all L tetrahelices the other all R. They are the reference configuration for self-assembling NPs coated with L or R ligands, respectively.It is convenient to parameterize the 600-cell with dimensionless coordinates Φ µ = (α, β, θ) ≡ x µ /R on S 3 . The vertices of the 600-cell belong to S 3 (R), embedded in 4D Euclidean space E 4 as:where X ν are Cartesian coordinates of E 4 , and α ∈ [0, π/2] and β ± θ ∈ [0, 2π[ are angles on S 3 (R). Fixing α = 0, π/2 we find toroidal surfaces parameterized by (β, θ) (the lines α v = 0, π are great circles). The 120 vertices of the 600-cell are recovered by choosing (2α v , β v ) on the v = 1, ..., 12 vertices of the base icosahedron and θ n = (2πn)/10 + δθ n with n = 0, ..., 9. The offset δθ n is 0 at the North and South poles (α v = 0, π) and it is π/10 at the icosahedron's Northern and Southern ""Tropical latitudes"" 2α N,S ≡ π 2 ∓ arctan 1 2 (see SM Sec. 3). The curvilinear axis θ is aligned with the vertex strands on the tetrahelices (Fig. 1i) . A stereographic projection of Eq. (3) in E 3 shows that the tetrahelices are R. Exchanging θ ↔ β performs a reflection X 3 → −X 3 in E 4 . This reverses the orientation of S 3 (R), exchanging R with L tetrahelices which are now aligned along β.The reference metricḡ has componentsḡ µν (α) = ∂ µ X· ∂ ν X where ∂ µ = ∂/∂x µ :The metric depends on α only, so the surfaces Σ α (α = const.) are flat tori, as shown by Bianchi in 1894 [20] .Thin shell self-assembly The next step is to choose the sliceM which represents the low dimensional assembly (with the thickness h much smaller than width W and length L) at low surface tension. The (one-tetrahedron-thick) shell between two special toroidal surfaces Σ N,S located at α = α N,S (with the mid-surface at the Clifford torus α = π/4) provides such a natural reference sliceM , because Σ N,S are smooth physical boundaries between neighboring shells of tetrahelices (Fig. 2a) . Σ N,S are special also because they are made of geodesics of S 3 , thus they contain ""unfrustrated directions"" for the tetrahelices to grow along. We now use Eq. (4) in Eq.(1) to compute the effective energy of 4 the thin assembly, and minimize it to find the morphology of the assembly. Since tetrahelices in 3D Euclidean space are open chains and not closed rings, we should interpret the 600cell order only as a local reference configuration: the global topology of the tetrahelices is not fixed by the topology of the reference 600-cell. This is different from e.g. models of the cholesteric blue phase, which used the global topology of the 3-sphere [9] to find the frustrated ground state. Therefore, we cut the shell along the θ and β directions into an open rectangular prism (where θ, β are no longer bounded by [0, 2π[, Fig. 1j ). We expand g ij (α) around the mid-surfacēwhere we defined the parameter t ≡ R(α−π/4) along the thickness direction, similarly to a thin shell in elasticity [21] . The reference first and second fundamental formsThe second fundamental form is off-diagonal, so it favors pure twist around the axis defined by the tetrahelix direction. The twist between the contact surfaces of the tetrahelices packed in the shell generates stress between the upper and lower surfaces of the sheet. This geometric frustration manifests in the fact thatā andb are incompatible in a surface embedded in Euclidean space for which detb/ detā = −1/R 2 , while K(ā) = 0, violating Gauss' Theorema Egregium detb/ detā = K(ā).We minimize the energy of the shell to find the actual first and second fundamental forms a and b. We first consider the elasticity part,where nowM 0 is the Clifford torus and dA = R 2 √ detā d 2 Φ is the area element of the mid-surface. The out-of-plane bending energy E bend elastic depends on b −band the in-plane stretching energy, E stretch elastic depends similarly on a −ā with κ replaced by k, with stiffness k ≡ hY 8(1−ν 2 ) and κ ≡ h 3 Y 12(1−ν 2 ) , where h is the thickness of the sheet, Y, ν are the in-plane Young's modulus and Poisson ratio (see SM, Sec. 6).The minimization of E shell elastic has analytic solutions in two limits [22] [23] [24] [25] [26] : ""wide"" ribbons (W √ Rh) are stretching-dominated, so a ā, and the solution is a cylindrical helical ribbon. ""Narrow"" ribbons (W √ Rh) are bending-dominated, so b b , and the solution is a helicoid. This crossover comes from the competition between the bending energy, E bend ∼ LW 5 κ 4 , and the stretching energy, E stretch ∼ h 2 · LW κ 2 [22].Interestingly, the assembled ribbons observed in Ref. [15] have W > √ Rh, which may lead to the conclusion that they belong to the wide ribbon limit. However, the observed morphologies are much closer to helicoids. As we analyze below, this is due to the bending stiffening effect of the electrostatic repulsion.Bending stiffening from electrostatic repulsion In all realistic cases, NPs carry some charge from spontaneous ionization of their surface and adsorptions of charged species from the media. Tetrahedral CdTe NPs in this experiment are negatively charged. The electrostatic repulsion, screened by ions in the solution, effectively stiffens the bending rigidity and enlarges the bending-dominated regime to much wider ribbons. Assuming a uniformly charged shell with total charge q and charge density ρ = q/hW L, the potential at a point R(σ) on the sheet iswhere d(σ, σ ) = |R(σ) − R(σ )| is the 3D Euclidean distance between two points on the sheet, ε is the dielectric constant, and ξ is the Debye screening length, which depend on the solvent. We will study the regime h ξ W , where repulsion has a significant effect on the bending stiffness, but is still a short range force.The electrostatic energy density E rep = hρ φ(σ) can be written as an effective bending energy (SM, Sec. 8, 9) :We neglected corrections to the stretching energy because in the thin sheet limit, the stretching and bending elastic energies are O(h) and O(h 3 ) respectively, whereas Eq. (11) is O(h 2 ). Summing E rep with E bend elastic [Eq. (9)] gives the effective bending energywherewhere Q ≡ π 8 h 2 ρ 2 ξ 3 4πis the electric self-energy of a patch of size ξ on the ribbon. Similar corrections to the elastic moduli were studied for charged fluid membranes in ionic solutions in [27] [28] [29] [30] . The correction tob affects its traceless part,b 0 ij =b ij − Tr(b)δ ij /2, which obtains an overall factor −15 FIG. 2: a, The reference sliceM is obtained by cutting the base icosahedron along the dashed lines. b, Experimental observation of helical assemblies of tetrahedral CdTe NPs. c, Helicoidal solution for the shell's mid-surface obtained from the model. d, Linear prediction of the helicoid's pitch on ξ, , h [Eq. (18)] (red line) fitted on the experimental data (black data points).up to numerical factors of order 1, while the trace part is unaffected (see SM, Sec. 9). Thus, repulsion has two effects: it increases the bending rigidity [Eq. (13)] and lowers the reference curvature [Eq. (15)]. These two effects are related, as Q/κ ∼ , so in the limit of strong repulsion, 1 and bending rigidity is dominated by repulsion.An important consequence of the correction is that the reference radius R of S 3 (R) is enlarged into R. In this strong repulsion regime, the characteristic length scale for the bend-stretch crossover, √ Rh, can exceed the physical width (W √ Rh), bringing a ribbon into the bending-dominated regime even when W > √ Rh. Equation (15) gives the critical charge density ρ above which the self-assembly is bending-dominated is ρ c = W ξ −3/2 Y /a.Without loss of generality, we describe an assembly of R tetrahelices, with long axis aligned with θ. In the reference configuration, they are packed side by side across the direction β. The ligand's R-chirality favors the formation of long R-strands of tetrahedra while inter-helices bonds are more frustrated, so we conjecture that the longest dimension L of the thin-shell is parallel to the R-helices. We therefore cut a rectangular region out of the Clifford torus with the long side L parallel to θ and the short side W parallel to β (Fig. 1j) . In the limit of L W the actual metric a needs to be independent of θ, so stress grows only in the width direction, minimizing the energy. In the repulsion-controlled bending-dominated regime, we impose the constraint b =b and find the actual 2D metric a ij by minimizing E stretch elastic :The embedding of the mid-surface, under free boundary 6 FIG. 3: a, Numerical simulation of helical ribbons irradiated with circularly polarized electromagnetic waves of varying wavelength. The CD spectra are shown for helices with pitch (p) varied between 200 nm and 1600 nm. b,c Experimental measure of normalized CD of [L in (b) and R in (c)] helices of tetrahedral CdTe NPs at water/methanol ratios 1:2 -1:6 where the yield of the helices is high. Helices of longer pitch, which occur at higher methanol, are studied using simulations (a,d). d,e Characteristic absorption/scattering peak wavelength plotted as function of the helical pitch, from numerical simulations (d) and experiments (e).conditions, is an R helicoid (Fig. 2c , SM Sec. 7)R(β, θ) = R (sinh β cos θ, sinh β sin θ, β) .Importantly, this R helicoid has the same chirality as the tetrahelices and the ligands. This prediction is consistent with the structures seen in [15] , where high R ligand concentration systematically leads to R sheets with nearly perfect enantioselectivity. Similarly, for L ligands, we exchange β ↔ θ in Eq.(3) which reverses the handedness of the tetrahelices, but leavesb invariant. Imposing ∂ β a ij = 0 and minimizing E stretch , we find that now the helicoidal solution must be L (Fig. 2c) . The pitch of the helicoid is given byHence the repulsion between NPs is a crucial design parameter: the pitch can be tuned by the charge density ρ on the NPs, the screening length ξ via the control of ion concentration in the solution, and the solution's dielectric constant ε (see Methods). It is worth noting that we started from a rectangular sheet of length L and width W , but the resulting pitch p is independent of L and W . This is true for the repulsion-controlled bending-dominated regime we discussed above. In the intermediate regime where stretching and bending energies are comparable, p may depend on W , as discussed for the purely elastic case in Ref. [22] .In this experiment, the width of the helicoid is determined by the competition between the binding energy E bind ∼ − bind × (hW L) and the (repulsion corrected) elastic energy of the ribbon,At equilibrium, ∂(E bind + E elastic+repulsion )/∂W = 0, givingBecause stress does not accumulate along the long axis of the helicoid, the length L is controlled by the kinetic processes of the assembly. In experiments, twisted sheets were produced in a mixture of water and methanol, while concentration of Cadmium ions was used to control the kinetic rate of the assembly. As discussed in Methods, ξ and ε depend on the concentration of ions and the water/methanol ratio. The predicted dependence of the pitch on ξ, h, ε [Eq. (18)] agrees qualitatively with the experimental data (Fig. 2d) .Additionally, the measured thickness h of the ribbons is much greater than a single tetrahedra (∼ 5nm in size). This may indicate that the assembled helices consist of multiple layers of stacked single-tetrahedral-thick helicoids. Because the helicoids are minimal surfaces, this stacking does not lead to additional stress. As a result, we expect the aforementioned predictions of the morphology still holds in the multi-layer case, as verified via the agreement in Fig. 2d .The theory described above provides a strategy to experimentally tune the pitch of chiral helices by adjusting charge density, solvent properties, and curvature of the reference metric, offering control of a range of physical properties. By measuring the circular dichroism (CD) spectra of self-assembled helicoids in dispersions, we find that water/methanol ratio induces different chiroptical responses at a range of wavelengths via its control of the pitch (Fig. 3bc and Methods). We also numerically simulated circularly polarized light interacting with self-assembled helicoids with geometric parameters in the range produced from the experiments (varying the pitch in the range 200nm−1600nm) (Fig. 3a) , finding a monotonic increase of the CD peak with the pitch (Fig. 3d) , the linear part (at smaller pitch) of which agreeing with experiment (Fig. 3e) . Importantly, the amplitude of the CD spectra is much higher than for typical biological molecules and the maximum located in the near-infrared part of the spectrum suitable for biomedical imaging, remote sensing, and information technologies.We have presented a non-Euclidean self-assembly theory for polyhedral NPs, showing that the geometrically frustrated self-assembly of tetrahedral NPs subject to chiral binding and electrostatic repulsion gives helicoidal structures in agreement with experimental observations.Although this theory focuses on the equilibrium morphology, it also provides insight into the assembly's kinetic pathways. In particular, the translational symmetry of the 2D reference metricā means that the assembly of these sheets is scalable: smaller pieces of the sheet can merge and form a larger sheet, giving the self-assembly process a high yield of the target structure. If instead the in-plane metric was not translationally invariant, the local NP coordination would be different in different locations, and the sheet could only grow from one nucleation seed, which is much slower. The scalability of the metric greatly increases the yield, which was also observed experimentally, and provides an important measure when this theory is applied to a new new self-assembly system.In addition, as observed in previous studies of geometrically frustrated systems, topological defects such as disclinations may arise, easing the stress at the expense of losing local attraction. Here, similarly, extra tetrahelices can be inserted as disclination lines in the 600-cell, increasing its radius R and decreasing its curvature. Under this consideration, the proposed continuum model, at a lower reference curvature, can also be viewed as a continuum limit of tetrahedra assemblies with a continuous distribution of disclinations. We expect this to be a more realistic model of the experimentally observed morphologies, given their mesoscale size.We would like to also point out interesting relations between this work and the self-assembly of amphiphilic molecules and peptides into chiral ribbons [31] [32] [33] . Although the elastic energy of these molecular assemblies shares similarities with our theory, the origin of the twist comes from chiral bonding between the molecules, which is intrinsically different from the geometrically frustrated polyhedral tiling we consider here.Generalization of this theory to more varieties of NPs, which exhibit tilings in either spherical or hyperbolic space, opens a suite of intriguing new questions for future study. The new morphologies that will emerge, may lead to novel materials capabilities. Besides chiral optical response in Fig. 3 , the engineering of self-assembled structures in non-Euclidean space is applicable to realization of metamaterials with unique mechanical, acoustic, catalytic, and biological properties.Materials. L-Cysteine (L-Cys) hydrochloride monohydrate, hydrochloric acid (HCl) sodium hydroxide (NaOH), sulfuric acid (H 2 SO 4 , 98%) and methanol were purchased from Sigma-Aldrich. Cadmium perchlorate hexahydrate (Cd(ClO 4 ) 2 · 6H 2 O) was obtained from Alfa-Aesar. Aluminum telluride (Al 2 Te 3 ) was purchase from Materion Advanced Chemicals. All chemicals were used as received. Ultrapure deionized water (18.2 MΩ) was used for all solution preparations.Synthesis of CdTe NPs. The synthesis of CdTe NPs were according to previous publications [34] with appropriate modifications. Briefly, 0.985 g Cd(ClO 4 )2 · 6H 2 O and 0.99 g Cysteine hydrochloride monohydrate were dissolved in 100 mL deionized water. The pH of the solution was adjusted to 11.2 with 1.0 M NaOH. The obtained solution was transferred into a 250 mL three-neck round-bottomed flask and connected to a 50 mL threeneck round-bottomed flask by tubes. The system was quickly purged with nitrogen for 30 min to remove all the oxygen in the glasses and solution. Then 0.10 g Al 2 Te 3 was added into the small flask and purged another 30 min to remove any possible oxygen in the system. 10 mL 0.50 M H 2 SO 4 was quickly injected into the small flask to react with Al 2 Te 3 to generate H 2 Te gas, which was slowly purged into the reaction solution of cadmium precursor by nitrogen flow. The reaction solution was refluxed at 100 • C for 8 h to obtain CdTe NPs in a size of 4.5 ± 0.42 nm. The as-synthesized NPs need to be wrapped with Al foil and aged as least three days before further assembly behavior.Self-assembly of CdTe NPs. The self-assembly of CdTe NPs into helices with a series of pitch lengths was referred to our recent publications [15, 35] with appropriated modifications. Firstly, 500 µL CdTe NPs with aging time beyond 3 days were mixed with 20 µL 0.10 M Cd(ClO4)2. The pH value of the mixed solution was adjusted to 8.0 with 1.0 M HCl. Then different volumes of methanol from 500 to 5000 µL were respectively added into the 500 µL above solution to initiate the selfassembly of CdTe NPs. The obtained turbid solution was incubated at room temperature under light irradiation for 3 days to assembly NPs into helices. Afterwards, the assembled helices were centrifuged at a speed of 6000 rpm for 3 min and dispersed in water to wash 8 unassembled NPs by another 2 times' centrifugations in the same conditions as above. The obtained helix was finally dispersed in water for further measurements and characterizations.Characterization. CD and extinction spectra were acquired using J-1700 CD spectrophotometers with a PMT detector and an InGaAs NIR detector. All the spectra were measured in a quartz cuvette with a light path of 10 mm. The zeta-potential were measured by Zetasizer Nano ZSP (Malvern Instruments Ltd., GB). SEM images were taken by FEI Nova 200 Nanolab Dual Beam SEM with an acceleration voltage of 5 kV and a current of 0.4 nA. For counting the geometrical parameters of the helices, the middle region of the helices was used for analysis and more than 50 helices were counted.Calculation of Debye screening length. The Debye screening length, ξ, was calculated usingwhere e is the elementary electric charge, N A is the Avogadro's number, z i is the charge number (valence) of i th component, c i is the molar concentration of i th component, ε r is the relative electric permittivity of the electrolyte, ε 0 is the electric permittivity of vacuum, k is the Boltzmann constant, and T is the absolute temperature. For 500 mL CdTe NPs solution before mixing with methanol, the ions in the solution were consisted of Na + (0.1635 M), Cl − (0.0851 M), Cd 2+ (0.0275 M) and ClO 4 − (0.0315 M). After mixing with different volume of methanol, the concentration of each ion was diluted to different extents to get a series of Debye screening lengths.Dielectric constant of water/methanol mixtures. The dielectric constants of water/methanol mixtures were according to Ref. [36] , which summarized a polynomial formula for the dielectric constant of methanol/water mixtures with the percentage of water in the mixtures based on a series of reported dielectric values:ε(x) = 32.91 + 0.208 x + 0.00246 x 2where x the molar fraction of water in methanol/water mixtures. FDTD Simulations. The CD spectra for nanohelices with variable pitch lengths were simulated with commercial software package Lumerical FDTD Solutions. The size of nanohelices used for simulation were according to SEM images of the assembly of L-CdTe under the water/methanol ratio of 1 : 3, which generated a righthanded ribbon with a length, width, thickness and pitch of around 1200, 300, 100 and 600 nm. The pitch was varied from 200 to 1600 nm while kept other geometric parameters the same. To study the pitch effect on CD peak positions, the nanohelix was illuminated by left/right-handed circularly polarized light (CPL) consisted by two total-field scattered-field (TFSF) sources with the same k−vector but with a phase difference of ±90 • for left/right-handed CPL, respectively. Two analysis groups consisted of a box of power monitor were used to calculate the absorption and scattering intensity, respectively. The CD spectra were recorded as the difference of the extinction under left/right-handed CPL. The simulation wavelengths were set in the range of 300 to 2000 nm. The refractive index for CdTe was obtained from the Sopra Material Database. The refractive index of water backgrounds was 1.33. The mesh size was 10 nm. The orientation of nanohelices were considered in the simulation. The nanohelices were placed in a parallel, perpendicular and 4π-averaged orientations [32, 35] in comparison with the k-vector of incident photons, which show nanohelices under perpendicular orientation have a similar peak CD and extinction peak position (Fig. 3) .





Osteonecrosis of the femoral head (ONFH) is one of the intractable diseases. It is controversial whether the lesion size assessed by magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) can change over time without any operative treatment. In this study, we used MRI to observe the lesion size changes of ONFH induced by corticosteroid administration in severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) patients. The study included 51 SARS patients (84 hips) with early-stage ONFH who did not receive any operative treatment and were diagnosed by MRI. All of the patients underwent MRI follow-ups. Each patient was evaluated on the basis of the lesion volume on MRI at every follow-up for further comparisons. At the first MRI scan, the mean lesion volume was 10.12 ± 8.05 cm 3 (range: 0.39-41.62 cm 3 ). At the mid-term follow-up (2.5 years), the mean lesion volume was 7.82±7.59 cm 3 (range: 0.11-39.65 cm 3 ). At the final follow-up (five years), complete regression of the lesion was observed in six hips, and the mean lesion volume was 5.67±6.58 cm 3 (range: 0.00-31.47 cm 3 ). Overall, the lesion volume was reduced by >15% in 80 hips, and only four hips with relatively larger lesion volumes showed no apparent reductions. The reduction in lesion size of ONFH observed on MRI is a slow, discontinuous and time-dependent process.




New technologies have expanded our view of viral-host interactions with the growing identification of non-coding RNAs (ncRNAs) that act as key regulators of viral infection. In this chapter, we explore novel genomics-based approaches used to characterize ncRNAs involved in viral infection, focusing mainly on microRNAs and long noncoding RNAs. We present recent evidence implicating virally encoded and host-derived ncRNAs in viral replication and pathogenesis regulation, focusing on four different viral diseases (IAV, KHSV, HIV, and HBV). Finally, we discuss the current knowledge of ncRNAs modulation of innate and adaptive immune responses to viral infection. These findings highlight the complexity of host-pathogen networks determining the outcome of viral disease. Understanding the role of ncRNAs in these networks may offer novel antiviral therapy and diagnostic tools.




Since asymptomatic infections as ""covert transmitter"", and some patients can progress rapidly in the short term, it is essential to pay attention to the diagnosis and surveillance of asymptomatic patients with SARS-COV2 infection. CT scan has great value in screening and detecting patients with COVID-19 pneumonia, especially in the highly suspected or probable asymptomatic cases with negative RT-PCR for SARS-COV2. This study aimed to detect incidentally COVID-19 pneumonia on medical imaging for patients consulting for other reasons.





A novel vaccine against bovine viral diarrhea (BVD) induced pathogenic antibody production in 5-10% of BVD-vaccinated cows. Transfer of these antibodies via colostrum caused Bovine neonatal pancytopenia (BNP) in calves, with a lethality rate of 90%. The exact immunological mechanisms behind the onset of BNP are not fully understood to date. To gain further insight into these mechanisms, we analyzed the immune proteome from alloreactive antibody producers (BNP cows) and non-responders. After in vitro stimulation of peripheral blood derived lymphocytes (PBL), we detected distinctly deviant expression levels of several master regulators of immune responses in BNP cells, pointing to a changed immune phenotype with severe dysregulation of immune response in BNP cows. Interestingly, we also found this response pattern in 22% of non-BVD-vaccinated cows, indicating a genetic predisposition of this immune deviant (ID) phenotype in cattle. We additionally analyzed the functional correlation of the ID phenotype with 10 health parameters and 6 diseases in a retrospective study over 38 months. The significantly increased prevalence of mastitis among ID cows emphasizes the clinical relevance of this deviant immune response and its potential impact on the ability to fight infections.






Viral pandemics have taken a significant toll on humanity and the world now is contending with the SARS-CoV-2 epidemic. Readily available economical preventive measures should be immediately explored. Xylitol has been reported to reduce the severity of viral infections as well as the severity of pneumonia, and increase the survivability of animal subjects.Since pneumonia and acute respiratory distress syndrome are potentially fatal complications of COVID-19, the present study tested the in vitro effectiveness of xylitol against SARS-CoV-2.Virus titers and LRV of SARS-CoV-2, were incubated with a single concentration of nasal spray.Toxicity was observed in the top dilution (1/10). Virus was seen below that dilution so it did not affect calculations of virus titer or LRV. After a 25-minute contact time, the nasal spray (11% Pure Xylitol, 0.85%NaCL (Saline), and 0.20% grapefruit seed extract) reduced virus from 4.2 to 1.7 log10 CCID50 per 0.1 mL, a statistically significant reduction (P<0.001) of 2.5 log10 CCID50. STEM Images obtained at the BIoCryo Laboratory revealed virus contained on the cell wall but none intra-cellular, possibly due to D-xylose (xylitol) production of glycoaminoglycans decoy targets. Xylitol and grapefruit seed extract are not exotic nor expensive rare high technology answers to viral epidemics. The potential in saving lives and the economies of the world by using X-GSE combination therapy should inspire large clinical trials, especially in those nations whereas the healthcare system would be dangerously compromised by the adoption of less effective and significantly more financially demanding therapies. Because there are no risk factors in using the X/GSE combination therapy, and the nasal spray is over the counter available without a prescription, and the spray allows for comfortable long term mask-wearing, adoption of this preventive anti-viral therapy should be encouraged.





Multipartitism counts amongst the weirdest lifestyles found in the virosphere. Multipartite viruses have genomes segmented in pieces enclosed in different capsids that are independently transmitted. Since all segments have to meet in the host for complementation and completion of the viral cycle, multipartite viruses are bound to fight the loss of genomic information. While this is an obvious disadvantage of this strategy, no consensus on its actual advantages has been reached. In this review we present an exhaustive summary of all multipartite viruses described to date. Based on evidence, we discuss possible mechanistic and evolutionary origins of different groups, as well as their mutual relationships. We argue that the ubiquitous interactions of viruses with other unrelated viruses and with subviral elements might be regarded as a plausible first step towards multipartitism. In agreement with the view of the Virosphere as a deeply entangled network of gene sharing, we contend that the power of multipartitism relies on its dynamical and opportunistic nature, because it enables immediate adaptive responses to environmental changes. As such, perhaps the reasons for its success should be shought in multipartitism itself as an adaptive mechanism, to which its evolutionarily short-lived products (that is, the extant ensemble of multipartite viral species) are subordinated. We close by discussing how our understanding of multipartitism would improve by using concepts and tools from systems biology.





The rapid spread of the coronavirus and the strategies to slow it have disrupted just about every aspect of our lives. Such disruption may be reflected in changes in psychological function. The present study used a pre-posttest design to test whether Five Factor Model personality traits changed with the coronavirus outbreak in the United States. Participants (N = 2,137) were tested in early February 2020 and again during the President's 15 Days to Slow the Spread guidelines. In contrast to the preregistered hypotheses, Neuroticism decreased across these six weeks, particularly the facets of Anxiety and Depression, and Conscientiousness did not change. Interestingly, there was some evidence that the rapid changes in the social context had changed the meaning of an item. Specifically, an item about going to work despite being sick was a good indicator of conscientiousness before COVID-19, but the interpretation of it changed with the pandemic. In sum, the unexpected small decline in Neuroticism suggests that, during the acute phase of the coronavirus outbreak, feelings of anxiety and distress may be attributed more to the pandemic than to one's personality. OPEN ACCESS Citation: Sutin AR, Luchetti M, Aschwanden D, Lee JH, Sesker AA, Strickhouser JE, et al. (2020) Change in five-factor model personality traits during the acute phase of the coronavirus pandemic. PLoS ONE 15(8): e0237056. https://doi.




Strong evidences (Table 2) supporting the role of NIPPV in the treatment of different conditions leading to acute or acute-onchronic respiratory failure include four conditions as follows: (a) Prevention of intubation in patients with acute exacerbations of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (AECOPD) (b) Acute cardiogenic pulmonary oedema (ACPO) ABSTRACT Non-invasive positive pressure ventilation (NIPPV) is the technique of delivering mechanical ventilation without endotracheal intubation or tracheostomy. This is increasingly being utilised in both acute and chronic conditions. Strong evidence supports the use of NIPPV for acute respiratory failure (ARF) to prevent endotracheal intubation (ETI) and to facilitate extubation in patients with acute exacerbations of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, to avoid ETI in acute cardiogenic pulmonary oedema (ACPO), and in immunocompromised patients. Weaker evidence supports the use of NIPPV for patients with ARF due to asthma exacerbations, with postoperative ARF, pneumonia and acute lung injury/acute respiratory distress syndrome. NIPPV should be applied under close monitoring for signs of treatment failure and, in such cases, ETI should be promptly available. A trained team, at an appropriate location, with careful patient selection and optimal choice of devices can optimise the outcome of NIPPV.




Keywords: emerging and reemerging infections, bioterrorism, plant-produced recombinant protein, subunit vaccine, virus-like particle, monoclonal antibody.Despite progress in the prevention and treatment of infectious diseases, they continue to present a major threat to public health. The frequency of emerging and reemerging infections and the risk of bioterrorism warrant significant efforts towards the development of prophylactic and therapeutic countermeasures. Vaccines are the mainstay of infectious disease prophylaxis. Traditional vaccines, however, are failing to satisfy the global demand because of limited scalability of production systems, long production timelines and product safety concerns. Subunit vaccines are a highly promising alternative to traditional vaccines. Subunit vaccines, as well as monoclonal antibodies and other therapeutic proteins, can be produced in heterologous expression systems based on bacteria, yeast, insect cells or mammalian cells, in shorter times and at higher quantities, and are efficacious and safe. However, current recombinant systems have certain limitations associated with production capacity and cost. Plants are emerging as a promising platform for recombinant protein production due to time and cost efficiency, scalability, lack of harboured mammalian pathogens and possession of the machinery for eukaryotic post-translational protein modification. So far, a variety of subunit vaccines, monoclonal antibodies and therapeutic proteins (antivirals) have been produced in plants as candidate countermeasures against emerging, reemerging and bioterrorism-related infections. Many of these have been extensively evaluated in animal models and some have shown safety and immunogenicity in clinical trials. Here, we overview ongoing efforts to producing such plant-based countermeasures.







Pediatric anesthesiology is a subspecialty of anesthesiology that deals with the high-risk pediatric population. The specialty has made significant advancement in large collaborative efforts to study and increase patient safety, including the creation of international societies, a dedicated journal, special committees and interest groups, and multi-institution databases for research and quality improvement. Readily available resources were created to help with the education of future pediatric anesthesiologists as well as continuing medical education. Conclusions: Specialty societies and collaborations in pediatric anesthesia are crucial for continuous improvement in the care of children. They promote research, education, quality improvement, and advocacy at the local, national, and international level.




Situational awareness is especially important to decision-making in health care. Comprehending the situation is crucial for anticipating any change in the environment and delivering optimal care. The objective of this study was to evaluate the effects of a training to increase situational awareness and mutual care designed for health care workers (FoCo) in a randomized controlled trial with additional qualitative analysis. We also investigated the perception of the training for the COVID-19 pandemic moment, in May 2020, almost 6 months after we finished the data collection at the Emergency Care Unit, which became a COVID-19 treatment reference for the care of a population depending on the public health system, in Sao Paulo, Brazil. We conclude that FoCo training can be an important instrument for health care professionals both in times of pandemic and ""normal times,"" to increase situational awareness, the culture of mutual care and decrease the possibility of occupational injuries and illnesses.




Hospital acquired illness or ""nosocomial"" illness is of increasing concern to public health administrators, hospitals, physicians and patients. Engineering infection control measures are used to reduce the concentration and prevent the spread of these particles throughout a building in order to decrease exposure to and risk of illness from infectious pathogens. The engineer who attempts to deal with microbial indoor air quality finds that pertinent microbiological information exists in abundance but not in easily digestible forms. This paper will provide a brief review of the problem of controlling airborne disease transmission in healthcare facilities with emphasis on medical microbiology and aerobiology in order to offer some conclusions regarding the potential for engineering control of infectious diseases.




We report here the complete genome sequence of porcine epidemic diarrhea virus (PEDV) strain CH/GX/2015/750A (750A), which was isolated from a suckling piglet with watery diarrhea in Guangxi, China. The isolate is genetically close to other recent Chinese variant PEDVs and distinct from the classical PEDVs.





Keywords:Highly active antiretroviral therapyHuman immunodeficiency virusTraditional Chinese medicine a b s t r a c t Highly active antiretroviral therapy (HAART) has been successful in reducing human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)-1-associated morbidity and mortality since its introduction in 1996.However, it fails to eradicate HIV-1 infection. The high cost of life-long highly active antiretroviral therapy and the emergence of drug resistance among HIV-1-infected individuals have brought renewed pressure for the discovery of novel antivirals and alternative medicines.Traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) is a complementary and alternative medicine, and serves as a rich resource for new drug development. Despite the almost 100 plant-derived compounds that are in clinical trials, few target HIV-1 infection. In this study, we discovered that Sanguisorba officinalis extract (SOE) has anti-HIV-1 properties. Using a cell-based assay and single-cycle luciferase reporter viruses pseudotyped with envelopes from HIV-1 or control viruses, we found that SOE exhibited significant inhibitory ability against both CCR5 and CXCR4 tropic HIV-1 (ADA and HXB2), with respective IC 50 values of 1.91 AE 0.16 mg/mL and 3.70 AE 0.53 mg/mL. SOE also inhibited simian immunodeficiency virus infection but failed to block vesicular stomatitis virus, severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus, and influenza H5N1 pseudoviruses. Furthermore, we showed that SOE had no effect on postentry events of HIV-1 replication. Because SOE pretreatment with the virus but not with cell lines expressing viral receptors showed the maximal inhibitory activity, we can state that SOE probably blocks entry by acting on the viral envelope directly. In addition, SOE was able to inhibit reverse transcriptase inhibitor resistant viruses (K103N, Y188L, and K103N/Y188L/G190A) and a protease inhibitor resistant strain (PI-2840). Our findings demonstrate SOE as a novel and specific entry inhibitor, which sheds light on the discovery of anti-HIV-1 drugs from traditional herbal medicines.




Purpose At the time of writing, there is a pandemic affecting virtually every country on Earth. There is considerable discussion amongst clinicians as well as lay people about anosmia and ageusia in COVID-19 sufferers. We aimed to report the results from comprehensive olfactory and gustatory testing in a series of hospital in-patients. Methods The prospective study evaluated 81 individuals with a COVID-19 infection, as confirmed by 2019 n-cov Real-Time PCR laboratory testing. The control group consisted of forty individuals with COVID-19 negative. Olfactory and gustatory testings were carried out by an examiner utilizing stringent safety standards and wearing full personal protective equipment. The results obtained in the case group were then compared with those obtained for the controls. Results In the case group, 41(50.6%) of patients were male and 40 (49.4%) were female, mean age of 54.16 ± 16.98 years (18-95). In the control group, 21 (52.5%) of subjects were male and 19 (47.5%) were female, and mean age was 55 ± 15.39 years (18-90). Fifty (61.7%) COVID-19-positive patients had complaints related to olfaction. The distribution of olfactory symptoms in the case group differed at the level of statistical significance from the control group (p < 0.001). Turning to gustatory abnormalities, within the case group, 22 individuals (27.2%) had taste malfunction. A statistically significant difference was found in the distribution of gustatory abnormalities between cases and controls (p < 0.001). Conclusions Olfactory and gustatory dysfunctions are strongly associated with SARS-CoV-2 infection. Hyposmia with or without hypogeusia is potentially a reliable indicator of latent COVID-19.Publisher's Note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.




Elle est définie par la survenue d'une infection pulmonaire au moins trois jours après le début d'une hospitalisation. Elle intéresse 0,5 à 5 % des patients hospitalisés et représente 10 à 15 % des infections contractées à l'hôpital.Elle est caractérisée par une nécrose parenchymateuse secondaire à une infection à pyogènes. Il existe des suppurations pulmonaires primitives se manifestant par une cavité néoformée dans le poumon par une infection bactérienne aiguë non tuberculeuse survenant la plupart du temps sur terrain débilité (éthylisme chronique, tabagisme, diabète, déficit immunitaire). Il existe également des suppurations pulmonaires secondaires sur infarctus nécrosé ou sur cancer bronchique nécrosé, kyste, séquestration…Germe habituellement non pathogène et qui le devient chez un sujet dont les défenses immunitaires sont altérées (comme dans le cas du Sida, immunodépresseurs, etc.).Cavité aérique entourée d'une fine paroi résultant de l'érosion d'une bronchiole lors d'une pneumopathie ou d'un traumatisme. La cavité est formée par un phénomène de trappage : l'air entre dans la cavité mais ne peut pas en sortir. La pneumatocèle peut se rompre et occasionner un pneumothorax.




This paper discusses the impact of COVID-19 on older people and people with disabilities. It draws attention to the violations of their human rights in the context of COVID-19 which in turn reveal the hierarchical social order of our society. Although statistics show higher deaths of older people in regard to COVID-19, these numbers co-exist with rampant discrimination towards these groups with underlying messaging that their lives are dispensable. The paper highlights violations at different levels-discursive, ethical, and everyday-and shows how they are underpinned by ageism and disablism which stereotype older people and people with disabilities with prejudicial messaging and actions by states and societal actors. At the same time, the paper also highlights the value of human rights discourses and instruments which are mobilized by the disability movement and groups upholding the rights of older people, to question these rights infringements in the context of COVID-19. The politics of these groups which call for principled equality and inclusion of older people and people with disabilities in times of COVID-19 exhibit a much-needed disruption of our social order, an undertaking that needs to be continued in COVID-19 times and after.




Identifying emerging viral pathogens and characterizing their transmission is essential to developing effective public health measures in response to an epidemic. Phylogenetics, though currently the most popular tool used to characterize the likely host of a virus, can be ambiguous when studying species very distant to known species and when there is very little reliable sequence information available in the early stages of the outbreak of disease. Motivated by an existing framework for representing biological sequence information, we learn sparse, tree-structured models, built from decision rules based on subsequences, to predict viral hosts from protein sequence data using popular discriminative machine learning tools. Furthermore, the predictive motifs robustly selected by the learning algorithm are found to show strong host-specificity and occur in highly conserved regions of the viral proteome.




Novel coronavirus likewise called COVID-19 began in Wuhan, China in December 2019 and has now outspread over the world. Around 8 millions of individuals previously got influenced by novel coronavirus and it causes at any rate 500,000 deaths. There are just about 90,000 individuals contaminated by COVID-19 in Bangladesh too. As it is an exceptionally new pandemic infection, its diagnosis is challenging for the medical community. In regular cases, it is hard for lower incoming countries to test cases easily. RT-PCR test is the most generally utilized analysis framework for COVID-19 patient detection. However, by utilizing X-ray image based programmed recognition can diminish the expense and testing time. So according to handling this test, it is important to program and effective recognition to forestall transmission to others. In this paper, we attempt to distinguish COVID-19 patients by chest X-ray images. We execute different pre-trained deep neural system models, for example, Sequential, DenseNet121, ResNet152 and EfficientNetB4 to assess the most productive outcome. And aims to utilize transfer-based learning. We assess this outcome by AUC, where EfficientNetB4 has 0.997 AUC, ResNet50 has 0.967 AUC, DenseNet121 has 0.874 AUC and the Sequential model has 0.762 AUC individually. And EfficientNetB4 has achieved 98.86% accuracy.





The etiologic agent of the Covid-19 pandemic is the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2). The viral membrane of SARS-CoV-2 surrounds a helical nucleocapsid in which the viral genome is encapsulated by the nucleocapsid protein. The nucleocapsid protein of SARS-CoV-2 is produced at high levels within infected cells, enhances the efficiency of viral RNA transcription, and is essential for viral replication. Here, we show that RNA induces cooperative liquid-liquid phase separation of the SARS-CoV-2 nucleocapsid protein. In agreement with its ability to phase separate in vitro, we show that the protein associates in cells with stress granules, cytoplasmic RNA/protein granules that form through liquid-liquid phase separation and are modulated by viruses to maximize replication efficiency. Liquid-liquid phase separation generates high-density protein/RNA condensates that recruit the RNA-dependent RNA polymerase complex of SARS-CoV-2 providing a mechanism for efficient transcription of viral RNA. Inhibition of RNA-induced phase separation of the nucleocapsid protein by small molecules or biologics thus can interfere with a key step in the SARS-CoV-2 replication cycle.




Background: The COVID-19 pandemic has been an unprecedented and potentially stressful event that inserted itself into the 2019-2020 Canadian medical curriculum. However, its impact on stress and subsequent professional pathways is not well understood. This study aims to assess the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the mental well-being, training, and career choices of Canadian medical clerks within the first three months of the pandemic. It also aims to assess their use of university support systems and their appreciation of potential solutions to common academic stressors. Methods: An electronic survey composed of four sections: demographics, stressors experienced during the pandemic, World Health Organization (WHO) well-being index, and stress management and resources was distributed to Canadian clerks. Results: Clerks from 10 of the 17 Canadian medical faculties participated in this study (n = 627). Forty-five percent of clerks reported higher levels of stress than usual; 22% reconsidered their residency choice; and 19% reconsidered medicine as a career. The factors that were most stressful among clerks were: the means of return to rotations; decreased opportunities to be productive in view of residency match; and taking the national licensing exam after the beginning of residency. The mean WHO well-being index was 14.8/25 ± 4.5, indicating a poor level of wellbeing among a considerable proportion of students. Clerks who reconsidered their residency choice or medicine as a career had lower mean WHO well-being indices. Most clerks agreed with the following suggested solutions: training sessions on the clinical management of COVID-19 cases; being allowed to submit fewer reference letters when applying to residency; and having protected time to study for their licensing exam during residency. Overall, clerks were less concerned with being infected during their rotations than with the impact of the pandemic on their future career and residency match. Conclusion: The COVID-19 pandemic had a considerable impact on the medical curriculum and well-being of clerks. A number of student-identified solutions were proposed to reduce stress. The implementation of these solutions throughout the Canadian medical training system should be considered.




In program synthesis there is a well-known trade-off between concise and strong specifications: if a specification is too verbose, it might be harder to write than the program; if it is too weak, the synthesised program might not match the user's intent. In this work we explore the use of annotations for restricting memory access permissions in program synthesis, and show that they can make specifications much stronger while remaining surprisingly concise. Specifically, we enhance Synthetic Separation Logic (SSL), a framework for synthesis of heap-manipulating programs, with the logical mechanism of read-only borrows. We observe that this minimalistic and conservative SSL extension benefits the synthesis in several ways, making it more (a) expressive (stronger correctness guarantees are achieved with a modest annotation overhead), (b) effective (it produces more concise and easier-to-read programs), (c) efficient (faster synthesis), and (d) robust (synthesis efficiency is less affected by the choice of the search heuristic). We explain the intuition and provide formal treatment for read-only borrows. We substantiate the claims (a)-(d) by describing our quantitative evaluation of the borrowing-aware synthesis implementation on a series of standard benchmark specifications for various heap-manipulating programs.





The SARS-CoV-2 pandemic has resulted in unprecedented challenges to veterinary diagnostic laboratories. These challenges include partial or complete shutdowns, interrupted courier services, disruptions in workflow and diagnostic testing, new physical distancing practices, protocol development or enhancement for handling samples from high-risk or susceptible species, and fulfilling requirements for pre-test permission approval from state and federal veterinary agencies, all of which have been implemented to prevent or minimize exposure and transmission of SARS-CoV-2 locally or regionally. As in people, SARS-CoV-2 infects animals through direct animal-to-animal contact and aerosol transmission between animals. Humans can also infect pets or other animals in their care and, although human-to-human transmission is the main route of viral spread in people, infected animals and specimens of their bodily fluids or tissues are a potential source of infection for veterinarians and technical or laboratory personnel that are handling them. In this perspective, we discuss how SARS-CoV-2 has necessitated rapid changes in laboratory operation to minimize zoonotic risk to personnel and to implement tests for identifying the virus in animals. The pandemic has highlighted the adaptability and quick response of veterinary diagnosticians to an emerging infectious disease and their critical role in maintaining animal health, while synergizing with and protecting human public health.





Background: Pulmonary exacerbations (PEx) in school aged children and adults with cystic fibrosis (CF) lead to increased morbidity and lung function decline. However, the effect of exacerbations in young children with CF is not fully understood. We sought to characterize the frequency and clinical impact of PEx in a pilot study of infants and pre-school aged children with CF. Methods: Thirty young children with CF [median (range) 1.5 years (0.2-4.9)] were prospectively followed for 2 years. Exacerbation frequency (hospitalizations and outpatient antibiotic use) was determined. Chest radiographs were performed at enrollment and study completion and assigned a Brasfield score. Lung function at age 7 years was assessed in a subset of children. The association between PEx frequency, chest radiograph score, and lung function was determined using Spearman correlation coefficients and corresponding 95% confidence intervals. Correlations with an absolute magnitude of 0.3 or greater were considered clinically significant. Results: Over 2 years, participants experienced a median of two PEx (range 0-13). Chest radiograph scores at enrollment and study completion were inversely associated with PEx frequency (R = −0.48 and R = −0.44, respectively). The association between frequency of PEx and lung function [forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV 1 )] at age 7 years was small (R = 0.20). Higher forced vital capacity (FVC) at 7 years was associated with more frequent PEx during the study (R = 0.44). Conclusions: Children with worse chest radiograph scores had more frequent PEx over the subsequent 2 years, suggesting a group of patients at higher risk for PEx. Frequent PEx in infants and young children with CF were not associated with lower FEV 1 and FVC at 7 years, although spirometry in this age group may not be a sensitive marker of mild lung disease and disease progression.




Purpose The relentless rise in antimicrobial resistance is a major societal challenge and requires, as part of its solution, a better understanding of bacterial colonization and infection. To facilitate this, we developed a highly efficient no-wash red optical molecular imaging agent that enables the rapid, selective, and specific visualization of Gram-positive bacteria through a bespoke optical fiber-based delivery/imaging endoscopic device. Methods We rationally designed a no-wash, red, Gram-positive-specific molecular imaging agent (Merocy-Van) based on vancomycin and an environmental merocyanine dye. We demonstrated the specificity and utility of the imaging agent in escalating in vitro and ex vivo whole human lung models (n = 3), utilizing a bespoke fiber-based delivery and imaging device, coupled to a wide-field, two-color endomicroscopy system. Results The imaging agent (Merocy-Van) was specific to Gram-positive bacteria and enabled no-wash imaging of S. aureus within the alveolar space of whole ex vivo human lungs within 60 s of delivery into the field-of-view, using the novel imaging/ delivery endomicroscopy device. Conclusion This platform enables the rapid and specific detection of Gram-positive bacteria in the human lung.




Molecular testing for severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) is the 32 gold standard for diagnosis of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19), but the test clinical 33 performance is poorly understood. From 3/10/2020-5/1/2020 NewYork-Presbyterian 34 laboratories performed 27,377 SARS-CoV-2 molecular assays from 22,338 patients. Repeat 35 testing was performed in 3,432 patients, of which 2,413 had negative and 1,019 had 36 positive first day results. Repeat-tested patients were more likely to be older, male, African-37American or Hispanic, and to have severe disease. Among the patients with initially 38 negative results, 18.6% became positive upon repeat-testing. Only 58.1% of any-time 39 positive patients had a result of ""detected"" on the first test. The clinical sensitivity of 40 COVID-19 molecular assays is estimated between 66.2 % and 95.6%, depending on the 41 unknown number of false negative results in single-tested patients. Conversion to a 42 negative result is unlikely to occur before 15 to 20 days after initial testing or 20-30 days 43 after the onset of symptoms, with 50% conversion occurring at 28 days after initial testing. 44Forty-nine initially-positive patients converted to negative and then back to positive in 45 subsequent days. Conversion from first day negative to positive results increased linearly 46 with each day of testing, reaching 25% probability in 20 days. In summary, our study 47 provides estimates of the clinical performance of SARS-CoV-2 molecular assays and 48 suggests time frames for appropriate repeat testing, namely 15 to 20 days after a positive 49 test and the same or next 2 days after a negative test in a patient with high suspicion for 50






Experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis (EAE) is a well-characterised model of Multiple Sclerosis (MS) and cell-mediated autoimmunity in general. Toll like receptors (TLRs) expressed on antigen presenting cells (APCs) recognise microbial components and induce innate immune responses, leading to the elimination of invading infectious agents. Certain TLR agonists such as peptidoglycan (TLR2) and CpG oligodeoxynucleotides (TLR9) have been reported to have adjuvant properties in central nervous system (CNS) autoimmune inflammatory demyelination. By contrast, TLR3 stimulation suppresses disease and TLR4 stimulation delays its onset. TLR7 is an endosomal TLR that recognises viral single stranded RNA (ssRNA). In this study we report that TLR7 stimulation by Imiquimod, a synthetic analogue of ssRNA, suppresses disease severity in both chronic and relapsing murine EAE models. Disease suppression is associated with the expansion of a plasmacytoid dendritic cells (pDCs) population in the spleen as shown by expression of PDCA-1 and CD11c. We have also generated pDCs in vitro and found that Imiquimod induces the maturation of pDCs and also the production of IFN-beta. We further found that maturation of pDCs with Imiquimod is associated with upregulation of CD8 on pDCs and that the generation of pDCs is dependent on the expression of the interferon type I receptor (IFNAR). We hypothesise that the mechanism by which Imiquimod reduces disease severity is through the production of type I interferons (IFN-a and b) by pDCs. Interestingly, higher doses of Imiquimod did not reduce EAE severity, suggesting the possible activation of distinct signalling pathway. Suppression of EAE by TLR7 stimulation suggests a therapeutic potential for plasmacytoid dendritic cells in MS.The human Toll-like receptor 1 (TLR1) plays an important role in host defense against Mycobacterium tuberculosis. Here we detected that 48 % of healthy individuals did not express a functional TLR1 on the cell surface. Our aim was to analyze the association of the loss of TLR1 surface expression and TLR1 single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNP) with susceptibility to tuberculosis (TB). Methods: TLR1 negative (TLR1neg) and TLR1 positive (TLR1pos) healthy individuals were analyzed by flow cytometry and compared by sequencing. TLR1 expression was measured using quantitative real-time PCR and immunoblotting. TLR1 SNP analyses of healthy individuals and TB patients from European Caucasians (EU-C) and Sub-Saharan Africans (Ghana) were performed using PCR SNP assays. Associations of TLR1 alleles or genotypes with increased risk of developing tuberculosis were analyzed using 2x2 contingency tables and Fisher's exact test; additionally, odds ratios [OR] with 95 % limits of confidence were calculated. Results: Lack of TLR1 surface expression was strongly associated with the non-synonymous TLR1 SNPs G743A and T1805G. In addition, TLR1neg individuals with the TLR1 743A and 1805G variants displayed impaired cellular responses to the TLR1/2 agonist Pam 3 CSK 4 . Genotyping of EU-C controls and TB patients revealed an association of TLR1 743 A / 1805 G alleles (OR 2 · 37; p=0 · 0219, OR 2 · 74; p=0 · 0059) as well as TLR1neg 743AA/1805GG vs. TLR1pos genotypes 743AG/ 1805TG (OR 4 · 98; p=0 · 0034, OR 5 · 70; p=0 · 0015) and 743AG+GG/1805TG+TT (OR 3 · 54; p=0 · 0086, OR 4 · 17; p=0 · 0025) with increased susceptibility to TB. No association of TLR1 SNP G743A with TB was found in the Ghanaian population due to a low frequency of the 743AA genotype. Conclusion: Our data indicate a new impact of TLR1 in M. tuberculosis defense and provide the first evidence that TLR1 variants are associated with susceptibility to TB in a low incidence country.Glycoproteins of the scavenger receptor cysteine-rich superfamily contain one or more modules homologous to the membrane distal domain of macrophage scavenger receptor I. These highly conserved domains can be found in secreted or membrane-attached proteins, from the most primitive species to vertebrates, so the characterization of all members of this family could contribute to a deeper understanding of the role of these domains. The complete sequencing of the human genome allowed us to screen in the databases for proteins homologous to CD5 and CD6, and we have identified SSc5D as a new soluble member of the SRCR-SF with restricted expression in T lymphocytes and macrophages. By Northern blotting, we have detected a prominent transcript of 5 kb in placenta, also strongly present in spleen and colon. Following molecular cloning, we characterized a gene spanning over 30 kb, that contains fourteen exons that give rise to a 4.8 kb transcript. The mature protein is predicted to be 1573 aa long, with a calculated molecular weight of 165 kDa, and contains five very similar SRCR domains. Each SRCR domain is encoded by a single exon, and contains 8 cysteine residues, characteristic of group B SRCR domains. A distinctive feature of the C-terminus of SSc5D is that it contains numerous O-glycosylation sites within several hexamer repeated P/T-rich sequences, e. g. PDPTTT or PHPTTT, reminiscent of sequences present in mucins and that exist in a random coil conformation with an extended structure of the polypeptide chain. We estimate that the length of the O-glycan-rich region of SSc5D is close to 120 nm, with the overall dimensions of an extended conformation of the full-length SSc5D to be well over an impressive 250 nm, where the scavenger domains represent just a small fraction. We have additionally identified a shorter alternative spliced-encoded isoform with 100 kDa that retains the set of 5 SRCR domains, but which excludes the mucin-like C-terminal end. The high content in O-glycans presumably renders SSc5D very resistant to proteases and capable of promoting the formation of stable protein networks to protect from external pathogens, implying a role in innate immunity.TIR8/SIGIRR is a member of the IL-1 receptor/Toll-like receptor (TLR/IL-1R) superfamily, expressed by epithelial cells and immature dendritic cells, which negatively regulates the TLR/IL-1R signaling pathway leading to NF-kB activation and inflammatory responses. NF-kB, by regulating the transcription of genes for numerous inflammatory factors including IL-6 and CXCL1, is a central mediator of the lung epithelial cell response to the infection by Pseudomonas aeruginosa, a Gram-negative pathogen that can cause serious lung infection in immunocompromised individuals and cystic fibrosis patients. On the other side, uncontrolled cytokine release leads to pathological response that inhibit bacterial clearance. To study the role of TIR8/SIGIRR in the pathogenesis of P. aeruginosa-induced lung immunopathology in vivo, Tir8-deficient mice and wild-type mice were intratracheally inoculated with laboratory strain PAO1 Seattle. The absence of TIR8/SIGIRR had a deleterious effect on the host in terms of mortality and clearance of P. aeruginosa from the lung in an acute model of infection, as reflected by an increased number of colony-forming units (cfu) (P X 0.05, Tir8 -/mice vs. Tir8 +/+ mice). Increased susceptibility to P. aeruginosa was also associated to an exacerbated local production of proinflammatory cytokines and chemokines. These results suggest that TIR8/SIGIRR, by negatively regulating NF-kB activity, plays a key role in modulating lung inflammation due to P. aeruginosa which, if uncontrolled, is responsible of inhibition of bacterial clearance and exacerbation of tissue pathology. We have previously demonstrated presence of functionally active TLRs in human B and T lymphocytes and therefore we hypothesized that these cells also express members of the NLR family. In the present study, expression and function of a broad range of NLRs have been characterized in B and T lymphocytes. Human B and T lymphocytes were isolated from buffy coats and analyzed for mRNA and protein expression. The functional responsiveness of Nod1 and Nod2 was investigated by means of thymidine incorporation, cytokine production, viability and up-regulation of cell surface markers upon stimulation with iE-DAP and MDP, respectively, with or without simultaneous BCR or TCR triggering and selected TLR agonists. We show mRNA and protein expression of Nod1, Nod2, Nalp1, Nalp3 and Naip in purified B and T cells. No effect was seen with the ligands in the absence of BCR or TCR triggering. However, upon BCR engagement, the ligands for Nod1 and Nod2 enhanced proliferation, viability and expression of CD69 in B cells. Preliminary data show that T cells, stimulated via TCR, also are activated by NLR ligands to proliferate and secrete IL-4 and IFN-g. We also demonstrate a crosstalk between NLRs and TLRs. To our knowledge, this is the first time expression and a functional role of NLRs is demonstrated in human lymphocytes. Also, we also show a synergistic enhancement of NLR-induced proliferation upon simultaneous stimulation with selected TLR ligands. With TLRs sensing microorganisms outside the cell and NLRs detecting antigens in the cytosol, the combined actions of these PRRs could ensure efficient detection of bacterial infection and hence activation of an immune response.Toll-like receptors (TLRs) control host immune responses against pathogens through recognition of conserved molecular patterns uniquely present in micro organisms. Intracellular TLR 3, 7 and 9 localise in endosomes and recognize single stranded RNA and nucleotides from viruses and bacteria. This interaction induces conformational changes resulting in the production of proinflammatory cytokines and up regulation of cell surface molecules. It is well established that interfering with the pH by blocking lysosomal acidification using different drugs such as chloroquine inhibits TLR7 and 9 signalling suggesting a role of endocytic proteases in TLR stimulation. Indeed, recently, TLR9 has been shown to require a proteolytic cleavage for its signalling. Here, we report that myeloid and plasmacytoid dendritic cells deficient for the asparagine endopeptidase (AEP), a cysteine lysosomal protease, show a decrease in the secretion of proinflammatory cytokines in response to TLR 7 and 9 stimulation in vitro and in vivo. Upon stimulation, full length TLR9 is cleaved into a˚72 kDa-fragment in an AEP-dependent fashion. Processed TLR9 co-eluted in fractions where MyD88 and AEP are recruited. When expressed in AEP-deficient dendritic cells, the 72 kDa proteolytic fragment restore TLR9 signalling. Our results identify a key endocytic protease playing a critical role in TLR processing and signalling in dendritic cells, opening new therapeutical possibilities for the treatment of inflammatory diseases. Different NOD-like receptors, including NLRP1, NLRP3 and NLRC4, as well as the recently identified HIN-200 protein AIM2 form multiprotein complexes called inflammasomes, which mediate caspase-1-dependent processing of pro-IL-1b. Listeria monocytogenes is an intracellular pathogen that is actively phagocytosed by monocytes and subsequently escapes from the phagosome into the host cell cytosol depending on its pore-forming toxin listeriolysin (LLO). We demonstrated that primary human monocytes produced mature IL-1b when infected with wild-type L. monocytogenes or when purified LLO was delivered into the host cell cytosol. L. monocytogenes mutants lacking LLO or expressing a non-cytolytic LLO as well as the avirulent L. innocua induced strongly impaired IL-1b production. RNAi and inhibitor experiments in human monocytes demonstrated that the Listeria-induced IL-1b release was dependent on NLRP3, ASC, caspase-1 and cathepsin B, whereas NLRP1, NLRP6, NLRP12, NLRC4 and AIM2 appeared to be dispensable. Our results indicate that L. monocytogenes activates IL-1b production in human monocytes depending on a LLO-mediated phagosomal rupture which is sensed by the NLRP3 inflammasome.






The intention of this investigation was to evaluate the free radical scavenging activity and erythrocyte protective activity of ethanolic extract of Crinum asiaticum (L) and lycorine. The ethanolic extract of C. asiaticum (L) and lycorine were found to have different levels of antioxidant properties in the test models. Both ethanolic extract of C. asiaticum (L) (0.5-2.5 mg/ml) and lycorine (0.010 mg-0.050 mg/ml) increases the percentage of lipid peroxidation inhibition (26.25 ± 0.23% and 19.25 ± 0.23%) and enhances the free radical scavenging activity (20.92 ± 0.22% and 20.52 ± 0.22%), scavenging of hydrogen peroxide (25.67 ± 0.17% and 23.07 ± 0.3%) superoxide anion scavenging activity (27.69 ± 0.16% and 16.09 ± 0.7%) at concentration of 2.5 and 0.050 mg of C. asiaticum (L) and lycorine, respectively. But compared with tocopherol (P < 0.05) less activity was observed by C. asiaticum (L) and lycorine. The ethanolic extract of C. asiaticum (L) and lycorine were normalized to reduce the level of glutathione and also to sustain the status of protein in erythrocytes during the peroxyl radical [2,2-azobis (2-amidinopropane) dihydrochloride (AAPH)] induced oxidative damage in ex vivo model. The present results of the investigations demonstrated that protective nature of the C. asiaticum (L) and lycorine will be considered as a significant natural antioxidant source.





According to current reporting, the number of active coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) infections is not evenly distributed, both spatially and temporally. Reported COVID-19 infections may not have properly conveyed the full extent of attention to the pandemic. Furthermore, infection metrics are unlikely to illustrate the full scope of negative consequences of the pandemic and its associated risk to communities.





Purpose. Guidance on alternate care site planning based on the experience of a health-system pharmacy department in preparing for an expected surge in coronavirus disease 2019 cases is provided.In disaster response situations such as the COVID-19 pandemic, healthcare institutions may be compelled to transition to a contingency care model in which staffing and supply levels are no longer consistent with daily practice norms and, while usual patient care practices are maintained, establishment of alternate care sites (eg, a convention center) may be necessitated by high patient volumes. Available resources to assist hospitals and health systems in alternate care site planning include online guidance posted within the COVID-19 resources section of the US Army Corps of Engineers website, which provides recommended medication and supply lists; and the Federal Healthcare Resilience Task Force's alternate care site toolkit, a comprehensive resource for all aspects of alternate care site planning, including pharmacy services. Important pharmacy planning issues include security and storage of drugs, state board of pharmacy and Drug Enforcement Administration licensing considerations, and staff credentialing, education, and training. Key medication management issues to be addressed in alternate site care planning include logistical challenges of supply chain maintenance, optimal workflow for compounded sterile preparations (eg, on-site preparation vs offsite preparation and delivery from a nearby hospital), and infusion pump availability and suitability to patient acuity levels.Planning for and operation of alternate care sites in disaster response situations should include involvement of pharmacists in key decision-making processes at the earliest planning stages.Most pharmacists had never considered this unique challenge, which posed many questions that typically had to be answered by individuals with limited or no experience in those unfamiliar practice settings. Many aspects of providing pharmacy services at alternate care sites are beyond the scope of this article; however, fortunately there are some great but little-known resources that can assist in making better-informed decisions about the medication-use process during times of crisis.




Background: There have been no systematic studies of microbiological differences before and after antibiotics treatment. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of prior receipt of antibiotics on the microorganism distribution. Methods: A retrospective, observational cohort study was conducted in a 3200-bed tertiary, referral, teaching hospital in eastern China. During a 2-year period, all hospitalized patients treated with antimicrobial agents were enrolled in this study. Among 48,692 patients evaluated, the 27,792 (57.1%) who were sampled within 2 days before or after administration of the first dose of antimicrobial agents were included. Distribution of clinical specimens and the microorganism were compared between before and after antibiotic drug treatment groups. Results: Compared to specimens taken after antibiotics exposure, specimens taken before antibiotics exposure had a higher proportion of blood and urine specimens and a higher culture positive rate (all P < 0.001). Higher percentages of Staphylococcus aureus (9.9% vs. 8.5%, P = 0.041), non-fermenting bacteria (27.7% vs. 19.9%, P < 0.001), and fungi (8.4% vs. 4.0%, P < 0.001) were isolated from the group after antibiotics exposure, while the percentages of Streptococcus spp. (4.8% vs. 2.7%, P < 0.001), Haemophilus influenzae (2.3% vs. 0.8%, P < 0.001), and Moraxella catarrhalis (0.7% vs. 0.1%, P < 0.001) were higher in the group before antibiotics exposure. Further analysis found significant differences of microbes derived from respiratory secretions, blood or urine samples. We found, after antibiotics exposure, the separation rate of non-fermenting bacteria was significantly increased (all P < 0.05), and the separation rate of Candida spp. was higher, with statistical significance in airway secretion and urine samples (both P < 0.05), but the separation rate of Staphylococcus aureus among the three groups was not affected by antibiotics. In addition, the isolation rate of Streptococcus spp. in blood and urine samples decreased significantly (both P < 0.05) after antibiotics exposure. Interestingly, no statistical difference was found for microbes isolated from body fluid specimens between the two groups. Conclusions: The outcome revealed that antibiotic-insensitive organisms such as non-fermentative bacteria and fungi were more frequently isolated after antibiotics exposure. However, this trend might be specimen dependent and was not obvious in body fluid specimens.





The COBATEST Network links community-based voluntary counselling and testing (CBVCT) services in the European region and collects testing data using standardised data collection tools. This study aims to describe the population being screened for anti-HCV antibodies in the COBATEST Network and identify risk factors associated with a reactive HCV screening test result in the period 2014-2018. Clients aged > 16 screened for HCV in the period 2014-2018 at one of the Network's CBVCT services were included in the study. In the 5 year period, 7426 clients were screened for HCV in 22 centres in 10 countries and anti-HCV antibodies were detected in 113 (1.5%). The majority of people screened were aged 25-44, men who have sex with men (MSM), not HIV+ , not reporting a history of injecting drug use or sex work. Detection of anti-HCV antibodies was associated with being HIV + MSM (aOR 9.1, 95% CI 3.8; 21.8 compared to HIV-clients) and being a person who injects drugs (PWID, aOR 28.1, 95% CI 17.6; 45.0, compared to people with no history of injecting drug use). This study demonstrates that HIV-MSM with no history of injection drug use are using CBVCT services for HCV screening, but reactive screening test is associated with being HIV+ or PWID. The integration of HCV screening into the CBVCT service model may widen access to testing for populations that may otherwise not be tested.




Innate immune cells play a vital role in mounting an effective host response to a variety of pathogen challenges. Myeloid cells such as neutrophils and monocyte-macrophages are major innate leukocytes that orchestrate protective immunity to viral lung infections. However, a dysregulated cytokine response can promote excessive infiltration and robust pro-inflammatory activity of neutrophils and monocytemacrophages, leading to fatal disease. Following virus infection, the beneficial or deleterious role of infiltrating neutrophils and monocyte-macrophages is determined largely by their ability to secrete inflammatory cytokines and chemokines. A majority of studies use the total number of infiltrating cells and their activation status as measures to demonstrate their role during an infection. Consequently, the ability of neutrophils and Inflammatory Monocyte Macrophages (IMMs) to secrete inflammatory cytokines and chemokines, and its correlation with the disease severity, is not well defined. In this chapter, we report useful markers to identify lung infiltrating innate immune cells and define their activation status. We also describe a simple method to measure intracellular cytokine production to evaluate the inflammatory activity of neutrophils and IMMs in a mouse model of human coronavirus infection.






A c c e p t e d M a n u s c r i p t 5 Key Points: Supportive care is sufficient for nearly all pediatric patients with COVID-19 given the overwhelming tendency toward mild illness in children. Decision-making regarding antiviral therapy for severely or critically ill children should weigh individual risks and benefits, informed by available evidence.A c c e p t e d M a n u s c r i p t 6 ABSTRACT Background: Although Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19) is mild in nearly all children, a small proportion of pediatric patients develops severe or critical illness. Guidance is therefore needed regarding use of agents with potential activity against severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 in pediatrics.A panel of pediatric infectious diseases physicians and pharmacists from 18 geographically diverse North American institutions was convened. Through a series of teleconferences and webbased surveys, a set of guidance statements was developed and refined based on review of best available evidence and expert opinion.Given the typically mild course of pediatric COVID-19, supportive care alone is suggested for the overwhelming majority of cases. The panel suggests a decision-making framework for antiviral therapy that weighs risks and benefits based on disease severity as indicated by respiratory support needs, with consideration on a case-by-case basis of potential pediatric risk factors for disease progression. If an antiviral is used, the panel suggests remdesivir as the preferred agent.Hydroxychloroquine could be considered for patients who are not candidates for remdesivir or when remdesivir is not available. Antivirals should preferably be used as part of a clinical trial if available.Conclusions: Antiviral therapy for COVID-19 is not necessary for the great majority of pediatric patients. For those rare children who develop severe or critical disease, this guidance offer an approach for decision-making regarding antivirals, informed by available data. As evidence continues to evolve rapidly, the need for updates to the guidance is anticipated.




Zoonotic viruses circulate as swarms in animal reservoirs and can emerge into human populations, causing epidemics that adversely affect public health. Portable, safe, and effective vaccine platforms are needed in the context of these outbreak and emergence situations. In this work, we report the generation and characterization of an alphavirus replicon vaccine platform based on a non-select agent, attenuated Venezuelan equine encephalitis (VEE) virus vaccine, strain 3526 (VRP 3526). Using both noroviruses and coronaviruses as model systems, we demonstrate the utility of the VRP 3526 platform in the generation of recombinant proteins, production of virus-like particles, and in vivo efficacy as a vaccine against emergent viruses. Importantly, packaging under biosafety level 2 (BSL2) conditions distinguishes VRP 3526 from previously reported alphavirus platforms and makes this approach accessible to the majority of laboratories around the world. In addition, improved outcomes in the vulnerable aged models as well as against heterologous challenge suggest improved efficacy compared to that of previously attenuated VRP approaches. Taking these results together, the VRP 3526 platform represents a safe and highly portable system that can be rapidly deployed under BSL2 conditions for generation of candidate vaccines against emerging microbial pathogens. IMPORTANCE While VEE virus replicon particles provide a robust, established platform for antigen expression and vaccination, its utility has been limited by the requirement for high-containment-level facilities for production and packaging. In this work, we utilize an attenuated vaccine strain capable of use at lower biocontainment level but retaining the capacity of the wild-type replicon particle. Importantly, the new replicon platform provides equal protection for aged mice and following heterologous challenge, which distinguishes it from other attenuated replicon platforms. Together, the new system represents a highly portable, safe system for use in the context of disease emergence.





Word counts: Abstract (245 / 300); manuscript (3093/ 3000)




Age 60+, telephone visits, and patients with no portal use were less likely to rate visit as good/better than face-to-face; Black patients were less likely to be satisfied with ease of technology or report probable/definite future telemedicine use; Telephone visits were less likely to be rated as good/better than face-to-face; Patients with no portal use less likely to rate visit as good/better than face-to-face, rate care as high quality or report probable/definite future telemedicine use; *P<.05 in bivariate comparisons * * *




Perinatal cardiovascular care has evolved considerably to become its own multidisciplinary field of care. Despite advancements, there remain significant gaps in providing optimal care for the fetus, child, mother, and family. Continued advancement in detection and diagnosis, perinatal care and delivery planning, and prediction and improvement of morbidity and mortality for fetuses affected by cardiac conditions such as heart defects or functional or rhythm disturbances requires collaboration between the multiple types of specialists and providers. The Fetal Heart Society was created to formalize and support collaboration between individuals, stakeholders, and institutions. This article summarizes the challenges to advancements and the infrastructure and measures the FHS is undertaking to overcome these barriers and advance the field of perinatal cardiac care.Fetal echocardiography, Perinatal cardiology, Prenatal cardiology, Congenital heart disease, J o u r n a l P r e -p r o o f Journal Pre-proof of the recommendations and practice protocols in the AHA Fetal Cardiac Diagnosis and Treatment Statement are based on single center studies, case studies, or expert consensus (level of evidence B or C) and not multicenter studies or randomized case-control investigations.[13] In response to this limited data, a handful of single centers have initiated collaborative J o u r n a l P r e -p r o o f Journal Pre-proof J o u r n a l P r e -p r o o f Journal Pre-proof [55] Morris SA, Ethen MK, Penny DJ, Canfield MA, Minard CG, Fixler DE, et al. Prenatal diagnosis, birth location, surgical center, and neonatal mortality in infants with hypoplastic left heart syndrome. Circulation 2014;129:285-92. https://doi.org/10.1161/CIRCULATIONAHA.113.003711. J o u r n a l P r e -p r o o f Journal Pre-proof J o u r n a l P r e -p r o o f Journal Pre-proof




It is to be determined whether people infected with SARS-CoV-2 will develop long-term immunity against SARS-CoV-2 and retain long-lasting protective antibodies after the infection is resolved. This study was to explore to explore the outcomes of IgG antibodies to SARS-CoV-2 in four groups of individuals in Wuhan, China.We included the following four groups of individuals who received both COVID-19



